SOURCE: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1414767/000190359623000119/ncpl_def14a.htm
FORM: DEF 14A
FILED: 2023-02-09
COMPANY: Netcapital Inc.

DEF 14A

1

ncpl_def14a.htm

 

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

SCHEDULE
14A

 

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a)
of the Securities 

Exchange Act of 1934

(Amendment No. )

 

Filed
 by the Registrant ☒

 

Filed
 by a Party other than the Registrant ☐

 

 

Check the appropriate box:

 

☐

Preliminary Proxy Statement

 

 

☐

Confidential, for Use of the Commission
 Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

 

 

☒

Definitive Proxy Statement

 

 

☐

Definitive Additional Materials

 

 

☐

Soliciting Material Pursuant to
 Section 240.14a-12

 

NETCAPITAL
INC.

(Name of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter)

 

Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that
apply):

 

☒

No fee required.

 

 

☐

Fee paid previously with preliminary
 materials.

 

 

☐

Fee computed on table in exhibit required
 by Item 25(b) of Schedule 14A (17 CFR 240.14a-101) per Item 1 of this Schedule and Exchange Act Rules 14c-5(g) and 0-11.

 

1

 

 

NETCAPITAL INC.

State Street Financial Center, 1 Lincoln Street,

Boston, MA 02111

 

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

 

TO BE HELD MARCH 28, 2023

 

TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:

 

You are cordially invited
to attend the Special Meeting of Stockholders (the “Special Meeting”) of Netcapital Inc., a Utah corporation (together
with its subsidiaries, the “Company”, “Netcapital”, “we”, “us” or “our”),
which will be held on March 28, 2023, at 2:00pm ET. The Special Meeting will be a virtual meeting to be held as a listen-only conference
call by calling 877-407-3088 (Toll Free). There will not be a physical meeting location. If you encounter any technical difficulties
with the virtual meeting platform on the meeting day, please call 877-804-2062 (toll free) or email 
proxy@equitystock.com
.

The meeting will be held for the following purposes:

 

1.

To approve the adoption of the Netcapital Inc. 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan.

 

 

2.

Other Proposals - to consider and transact such other business as may properly come before the Special Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

 

A copy of the Annual Report
of the Company’s operations during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 is available on request or at www.sec.gov.

 

The Board of Directors
has fixed the close of business on January 27, 2023 as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
notice of and to vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders and any adjournment or postponement thereof.

 

 

By Order of the Board of Directors

 

 

 

/s/ Martin Kay

 

Name: Martin Kay

 

Title: Chief Executive Officer

February 9, 2023

 

Boston, Massachusetts

 

_______________________________________________________________________________________

 

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT

 

WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL
MEETING IN PERSON, TO ASSURE THAT YOUR SHARES WILL BE REPRESENTED, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY WITHOUT
DELAY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE, WHICH REQUIRES NO ADDITIONAL POSTAGE IF MAILED IN THE UNITED STATES. IF YOU ATTEND THE SPECIAL
MEETING, YOU MAY VOTE IN PERSON IF YOU WISH TO DO SO EVEN IF YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY SENT IN YOUR PROXY.

 

2

 

 

PROXY STATEMENT

 

SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

TO BE HELD ON MARCH 28, 2023

 

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROXY STATEMENT
AND SPECIAL MEETING

 

General

 

NETCAPITAL INC. (the “Company,”
“Netcapital,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), a Utah corporation is providing this proxy
statement in connection with the solicitation by the Company’s board of directors of proxies to be voted at the special meeting
(“Special Meeting”) of stockholders to be held virtually at 2:00pm ET on March 28, 2023 as a listen-only conference
call by calling 877-407-3088 (Toll Free). There will not be a physical meeting location. If you encounter any technical difficulties
with the virtual meeting platform on the meeting day, please call 877-804-2062 (toll free) or email proxy@equitystock.com.

 

On or about February 13,
2023, we will begin mailing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “Notice”) to our stockholders (other
than those who previously requested electronic or paper delivery of proxy materials), directing stockholders to a website where they
can access our proxy materials, including this proxy statement and the 2022 Annual Report, and view instructions on how to vote. If you
would prefer to receive a paper copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions included in the Notice. If you have previously
elected to receive our proxy materials electronically, you will continue to receive access to those materials via e-mail unless you elect
otherwise.

 

The Special Meeting will
be held for the sole purpose of considering and voting upon a proposal to approve the adoption of the Company’s 2023 Omnibus
Equity Incentive Plan (the “2023 Plan”). This proposal is more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement,
which you should read carefully.

 

If you are a stockholder of record, you
may attend the Special Meeting in the following ways:

 

 

● 

Access an audio-only conference call
 by calling 877-407-3088 (Toll Free) or +1 877-407-3088 (International);

 

 

 

 

●

Instructions on how to attend and participate
 in the virtual Special Meeting, including how to demonstrate proof of stock ownership, are also available as follows:

 

Stockholders
of Record

 

 

●

Stockholders of record as of the Record
 Date can attend the special meeting by accessing the live audio conference call at +1-877-407-3088 and presenting the unique
 12-digit control number on the proxy card.

 

Beneficial
Owners

 

● 

If you were a beneficial
 owner of record as of the Record Date (i.e., you held your shares in an account at a brokerage firm, bank or other similar
 agent), you will need to obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other agent. Once you have received a legal proxy
 from your broker, bank or other agent, it should be emailed to our transfer agent, Equity Stock Transfer, at 
proxy@equitystock.com
 
and should be labeled “Legal Proxy”
 in the subject line. Please include proof from your broker, bank or other agent of your legal proxy (e.g., a forwarded email
 from your broker, bank or other agent with your legal proxy attached, or an image of your valid proxy attached to your email).
 Requests for registration must be received by Equity Stock Transfer no later than 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, on March 26, 2023.
 You will then receive a confirmation of your registration, with a control number, by email from Equity Stock Transfer. At
 the time of the meeting, access the live audio conference call at +1-877-407-3088 and present your unique 12-digit control
 number. 

 

● 

Stockholders may submit live questions
 on the conference line while attending the virtual Special Meeting.

3

 

 

If you are a stockholder of record, you
may vote your shares in the following ways:

 

Whether you plan to attend
the Special Meeting or not, we urge you to vote by proxy. All shares represented by valid proxies that we receive through this
solicitation, and that are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with your instructions on the proxy card or as instructed via
Internet. You may specify whether your shares should be voted for or “withheld” for each nominee for director, and
whether your shares should be voted for, against or abstain with respect to each of the other proposals. Except as set forth below,
if you properly submit a proxy without giving specific voting instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with the Board
of Director’s recommendations as noted below. The Board has appointed Martin Kay, to serve as the proxy for the Special Meeting.
Voting by proxy will not affect your right to attend the Special Meeting. If your shares are registered directly in your name through
our stock transfer agent, Equity Stock Transfer, or you have stock certificates, you may vote:

 

1.
By
 Internet.
 The
 website
 address
 for
 Internet
 voting
 is www.netcapital.vote.
 Please
 click
 “Vote
 Your
 Proxy”
 and
 enter
 your
 control
 number.
 

 

2.
By
 Email.
 Mark,
 date,
 sign
 and
 email
 the
 Proxy
 Card
 to proxy@equitystock.com,
 ATTN:
 Shareholder
 Services.
 

 

3.
By
 mail.
 Mark,
 date,
 sign
 and
 mail
 promptly
 the
 Proxy
 Card,
 to Equity
 Stock
 Transfer
 at 237
 W 37th
 St.
 Suite
 602
 New
 York,
 NY 10018,
 ATTN:
 Shareholder
 Services.
 

 

4.
By
 Fax.
 Mark,
 date,
 sign
 and
 fax
 the
 Proxy
 Card
 to 646-201-9006,
 ATTN:
 Shareholder
 Services.

 

5.
At
 the
 Special
 Meeting.
 If you
 are
 a shareholder
 of record,
 you
 can
 participate
 and
 vote
 your
 shares
 in the
 Special
 Meeting
 by visiting
 www.netcapital.vote
 and
 then
 clicking
 “Vote
 Your
 Proxy”.
 You
 may
 then
 enter
 the
 control
 number
 included
 on your
 Proxy
 Card
 and
 view
 the
 proposals
 and
 cast
 your
 vote.
 

 

If you hold your shares
in “street name,” your bank, broker or other nominee should provide to you a request for voting instructions along
with the Company’s proxy solicitation materials. By completing the voting instruction card, you may direct your nominee how
to vote your shares. Alternatively, if you want to vote your shares during the Special Meeting, you must contact your nominee directly
in order to obtain a proxy issued to you by your nominee holder. Note that a broker letter that identifies you as a stockholder
is not the same as a nominee-issued proxy. If you fail to present a nominee-issued proxy to proxy@equitystock.com by 5:00 p.m.
Eastern Time on March 26, 2023, you will not be able to vote your nominee held shares during the Special Meeting.

 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING

 

These Questions and Answers
are only summaries of the matters they discuss. They do not contain all of the information that may be important to you. You should
read carefully the entire document, including any annexes to this proxy statement.

 

Q:

Why are we holding a special meeting?

 

 

A:

On January 3, 2023, the Board of Directors
 of the Company approved and adopted the Netcapital Inc., 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2023 Plan”). Under
 Utah law, and the Company’s governing documents, the adoption of the 2023 Plan is subject to approval by the Company’s
 stockholders. The material terms of the 2023 Plan are set forth below under “Proposal 1”. The description below of
 the 2023 Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2023 Plan,
 a copy of which is filed as Annex A to this proxy statement.

 

The purposes of the 2023 Plan are to (i) provide
 an additional incentive to selected employees, directors, and independent contractors of the Company or its affiliates whose contributions
 are essential to the growth and success of the Company, (ii) strengthen the commitment of such individuals to the Company and its
 affiliates, (iii) motivate those individuals to faithfully and diligently perform their responsibilities and (iv) attract and retain
 competent and dedicated individuals whose efforts will result in the long-term growth and profitability of the Company.

 

4

 

 

Q:

Why did I receive a notice in the mail regarding the Internet availability of proxy materials instead of a full set of proxy materials?

 

 

A:

In accordance with the rules
 adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), we may furnish proxy materials, including this proxy
 statement and our 2022 Annual Report, to our stockholders by providing access to such documents on the Internet instead of mailing
 printed copies. Most stockholders will not receive printed copies of the proxy materials unless they request them. Instead, the Notice,
 which we will begin mailing to our stockholders on or about February 13, 2023, will instruct you as to how you may access
 and review all of the proxy materials over the Internet. The Notice also instructs you as to how you may submit your proxy on the
 Internet. If you would like to receive a paper or email copy of our proxy materials, you should follow the instructions for requesting
 such materials in the Notice.

 

Q:

Who is entitled to vote?

 

 

A:

Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 27, 2023 (the “Record Date”) will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Special Meeting. A list of stockholders eligible to vote at the Special Meeting is available for inspection at any time up to the Special Meeting. If you would like to inspect the list, please call our Corporate Secretary at (781) 925-1700 to arrange a visit to our offices.

 

Q:

How many shares of common stock can vote?

 

 

A:

There were 6,053,027 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the close of business on the Record Date. Each stockholder entitled to vote at the Special Meeting may cast one vote for each share of common stock owned by him, her or it which has voting power upon each matter considered at the Special Meeting.

 

Q:

What may I vote on?

 

 

A:

You may vote on the following matters:

 

 

1.  

the adoption of Netcapital’s
 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan;

 

 

2

any other business that may properly
 come before the Special Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof.

 

Q:

Will any other business be presented for action by stockholders at the Special Meeting?

 

 

A:

The Board knows of no other matters that will be presented for consideration at the Special Meeting. If any other matters are properly brought before the Special Meeting, it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying proxy to vote on those matters in accordance with their best judgment.

 

Q:

How does the Board recommend that I vote on each of the proposals?

 

 

A:

Our Board recommends a vote “FOR” the adoption of the Plan (Proposal 1),

Q:

How do I vote my shares?

 

 

A:

Whether you plan to attend the Special Meeting
 or not, we urge you to vote by proxy. All shares represented by valid proxies that we receive through this solicitation, and that
 are not revoked, will be voted in accordance with your instructions on the proxy card or as instructed via Internet. You may specify
 whether your shares should be voted for or “withheld” for the proposal to approve the adoption of Netcapital’s
 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. Except as set forth below, if you properly submit a proxy without giving specific voting instructions,
 your shares will be voted in accordance with the Board of Director’s recommendations as noted below. The Board has appointed
 Martin Kay, to serve as the proxy for the Special Meeting. Voting by proxy will not affect your right to attend the Special Meeting.
 If your shares are registered directly in your name through our stock transfer agent, Equity Stock Transfer, or you have stock
 certificates, you may vote:

 

5

 

 

 

6. 

By Internet. The website address for
 Internet voting is www.netcapital.vote. Please click “Vote Your Proxy” and enter your control number. 

 

 

7.

By Email. Mark, date, sign and email
 the Proxy Card to proxy@equitystock.com, ATTN: Shareholder Services.

 

 

8.   

By mail. Mark, date, sign and mail
 promptly the Proxy Card, to Equity Stock Transfer at 237 W 37th St. Suite 602 New York, NY 10018 ATTN: Shareholder Services.
 

 

 

9.     

By Fax. Mark, date, sign and fax the
 Proxy Card to 646-201-9006, ATTN: Shareholder Services.

 

 

10. 

At the Special Meeting. If you are
 a shareholder of record, you can participate and vote your shares in the Special Meeting by visiting www.netcapital.vote and
 then clicking “Vote Your Proxy”. You may then enter the control number included on your Proxy Card and view the
 proposals and cast your vote.

 

If you hold your shares in “street name,”
 your bank, broker or other nominee should provide to you a request for voting instructions along with the Company’s proxy
 solicitation materials. By completing the voting instruction card, you may direct your nominee how to vote your shares. Alternatively,
 if you want to vote your shares during the Special Meeting, you must contact your nominee directly in order to obtain a proxy issued
 to you by your nominee holder. Note that a broker letter that identifies you as a stockholder is not the same as a nominee-issued
 proxy. If you fail to present a nominee-issued proxy to proxy@equitystock.com by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 26, 2023, you
 will not be able to vote your nominee held shares during the Special Meeting.

 

Q:

What is a proxy?

 

 

A:

A proxy is a person you appoint to vote on your behalf. By using any of the methods discussed above, you will be appointing as your proxy Martin Kay, our Chief Executive Officer. He may act on your behalf, and will have the authority to appoint a substitute to act as proxy. Whether or not you expect to virtually attend the Special Meeting, we request that you please use the means available to you to vote by proxy so as to ensure that your shares of common stock may be voted.

 

Q:

How Will my Shares be Voted if I Give No Specific Instruction?

 

 

A:

We must vote your shares as you have instructed.
 If there is a matter on which a stockholder of record has given no specific instruction but has authorized us generally to vote
 the shares, they will be voted “FOR” the adoption of Netcapital’s 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan

 

This authorization would exist, for example,
 if a stockholder of record merely signs, dates and returns the proxy card but does not indicate how its shares are to be voted
 on one or more proposals. If other matters properly come before the Special Meeting and you do not provide specific voting instructions,
 your shares will be voted at the discretion of the proxies.

 

Q:

What if I want to change my vote or revoke my proxy?

 

 

A:

If your shares are registered directly in your
 name, you may revoke your proxy and change your vote at any time before the Special Meeting. To do so, you must do one of the following:

 

 

1. 

Vote over the Internet
 as instructed above. Only your latest Internet vote is counted. You may not revoke or change your vote over the Internet after 5:00
 p.m. Eastern Time on March 27, 2023.

 

 

2.  

Sign a new proxy and submit
 it by mail to Equity Stock Transfer at 237 W 37th St. Suite 602 New York, NY 10018 ATTN: Shareholder Services, who must receive the
 proxy card no later than March 27, 2023. Only your latest dated proxy will be counted.

 

 

3.

Virtually attend the Special Meeting
 and vote electronically at the meeting. Virtually attending the Special Meeting alone will not revoke your Internet vote or
 proxy submitted by mail, as the case may be.

 

 

4.   

Give our Corporate Secretary written
 notice before or at the Special Meeting that you want to revoke your proxy.

 

6

 

 

If your shares are held in “street name,”
you may submit new voting instructions with a later date by contacting your bank, brokerage firm, or other nominee. You may also vote
electronically at the Special Meeting, which will have the effect of revoking any previously submitted voting instructions, if you obtain
a broker’s legal proxy as described in the answer to the question “How do I vote my shares?” above.

 

Q:

How many votes are needed to approve each proposal?

 

 

 
 
 
 
A:

 To be approved, Proposal 1, the adoption of Netcapital’s 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, must receive “For” votes from the holders of a majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote, and which did not abstain. Only votes “For” or “Against” will affect the outcome with respect to this proposal, and abstentions will have no effect.

 

Q:

What is a quorum?

 

 

A:

The holders of 51% of the 6,053,027 shares of common stock outstanding as of the Record Date, either present or represented by proxy, constitute a quorum. A quorum is necessary in order to conduct the Special Meeting. If you choose to have your shares represented by proxy at the Special Meeting, you will be considered part of the quorum. Broker non-votes and abstentions will be counted as present for the purpose of establishing a quorum. If a quorum is not present by attendance at the Special Meeting or represented by proxy, the stockholders present by attendance at the meeting or by proxy may adjourn the Special Meeting until a quorum is present.

 

Q:

What is a Broker Non-Vote?

 

 

A:

If your shares are held in street name, you must instruct the organization who holds your shares how to vote your shares. If you sign your proxy card but do not provide instructions on how your broker should vote on “routine” proposals, your broker will vote your shares as recommended by the Board. If you do not provide voting instructions, your shares will not be voted on any “non-routine” proposals. This vote is called a “broker non-vote.”

 

Q:

Do the directors and officers of the Company have an interest in the outcome of the matters to be voted on?

 

 

A:

Directors and executive officers, who, as of the Record Date, had beneficial ownership (or had the right to acquire beneficial ownership within sixty days following the Record Date) of approximately 4.0% of our outstanding common stock and are expected to vote in favor of the adoption of the Plan.

 

Q:

Who will count the votes?

 

 

A:

A representative of Equity Stock Transfer, will serve as our inspector of elections and will count the votes cast by proxy and the votes cast in person at the Special Meeting.

 

Q:

How do I attend the Special Meeting?

 

 

A:

Stockholders of Record:

 Stockholders of record as of the Record Date can attend the special meeting by accessing the live audio conference call at +1-877-407-3088
 and presenting the unique 12-digit control number on the proxy card.

 

Beneficial
 Owners:
 If you were a beneficial owner of record as of the Record Date (i.e., you held your shares in an account at a brokerage
 firm, bank or other similar agent), you will need to obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other agent. Once you have
 received a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other agent, it should be emailed to our transfer agent, Equity Stock Transfer,
 at 
proxy@equitystock.com
 and should be labeled “Legal
 Proxy” in the subject line. Please include proof from your broker, bank or other agent of your legal proxy (e.g., a forwarded
 email from your broker, bank or other agent with your legal proxy attached, or an image of your valid proxy attached to your email).
 Requests for registration must be received by Equity Stock Transfer no later than 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time, on March 26, 2023. You
 will then receive a confirmation of your registration, with a control number, by email from Equity Stock Transfer. At the time
 of the meeting, access the live audio conference call at +1-877-407-3088 and present your unique 12-digit control number. 

 

7

 

 

Q:

Why a virtual meeting?

 

 

A:

We are pleased to offer our stockholders a completely virtual Special Meeting, which provides worldwide access, improved communication and cost savings for our stockholders and the Company.

 

Q:

What if during the check-in time or during the meeting I have technical difficulties or trouble accessing the virtual audio conference line?

 

 

A:

We will have technicians ready to assist you with any technical difficulties you may have in accessing the virtual Special Meeting. If you encounter any difficulties, please call: 877-804-2062 (Toll Free) or email 
proxy@equitystock.com
. 

 

Q:

Are there any expenses associated with collecting the stockholder votes?

 

 

A:

All of the expenses involved in preparing, assembling and mailing these proxy materials and all costs of soliciting proxies will be paid by us. In addition to the solicitation by mail, proxies may be solicited by our officers and other employees by telephone or in person. Such persons will receive no compensation for their services other than their regular salaries. Arrangements will also be made with brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to forward solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of the shares held of record by such persons, and we may reimburse such persons for reasonable out of pocket expenses incurred by them in forwarding solicitation materials. If you have any questions or require any assistance with completing your proxy, please contact Equity Stock Transfer by telephone at 877-804-2062 (Toll Free) or email 
proxy@equitystock.com
. 

 

Q:

Do I have Dissenters’ Rights of Appraisal?

 

 

A:

Our stockholders do not have appraisal rights under Utah law or under our governing documents with respect to the matters to be voted upon at the Special Meeting.

 

Q:

Where can I find the voting results?

 

 

A:

Voting results will be reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K, which we will file with the SEC within four business days following the Special Meeting.

 

Q:

How do I obtain an Annual Report on Form 10-K

 

 

A:

If you would like a copy of
 our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 that we filed with the SEC, we will send you one without
 charge. Please write to:

 

NETCAPITAL INC.

State Street Financial Center,
 1 Lincoln Street,

Boston, MA 02111

Attn: Corporate Secretary

 

All of our SEC
 filings are also available free of charge under the heading “SEC Filings” in the “Investors” section of
 our website at 
www.netcapitalinc.com
. 

 

8

 

 

PROPOSAL 1

APPROVAL OF THE

NETCAPITAL INC., 2023 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE
PLAN

 

Background

 

On January 3, 2023, the
Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted the Netcapital Inc., 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2023
Plan”), subject to the approval of the 2023 Plan by the Company’s stockholders.

 

The 2023 Plan is intended
to align the interests of stockholders and the recipients of awards under the 2023 Plan, and to advance the Company’s interests
by attracting and retaining directors, officers, employees and other service providers and motivating them to act in our long-term
best interests. The material terms of the 2023 Plan are set forth below. The description below of the 2023 Plan does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2023 Plan, a copy of which is filed as Annex
A to this proxy statement.

 

Summary of Key Terms of the 2023 Plan

 

The following is a summary of the principal
features of the Plan. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of all of the provisions of the Plan. It is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2023 Plan, which is included as Appendix A to this information statement.

 

Purposes

 

The purposes of the 2023
Plan are to (i) provide an additional incentive to selected employees, directors, and independent contractors of the Company or
its affiliates whose contributions are essential to the growth and success of the Company, (ii) strengthen the commitment of such
individuals to the Company and its affiliates, (iii) motivate those individuals to faithfully and diligently perform their responsibilities
and (iv) attract and retain competent and dedicated individuals whose efforts will result in the long-term growth and profitability
of the Company.

 

Shares Available

 

The total number of Shares
of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2023 Plan is (i) 2,000,000 Shares of Common Stock plus (ii) an annual increase
on the first day of each calendar year beginning with May 1, 2024 and ending with the last May 1 during the initial ten-year term
of the 2023 Plan, equal to the lesser of (A) five percent (5%) of the Shares of Common Stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis,
which shall include Shares issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all outstanding securities or rights convertible into or
exercisable for Shares of Common Stock, including without limitation, preferred stock, warrants and employee options to purchase
any Shares of Common Stock) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (B) such lesser number of Shares of
Common Stock as determined by the Board; provided, that, Shares of Common Stock issued under the 2023 Plan with respect to an Exempt
Award shall not count against such share limit. We use the term “Exempt Award” to mean (i) an Award granted in the
assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding Awards previously granted by another business entity acquired by us or any of
our subsidiaries or with which we or any of our subsidiaries merges; (ii) an Award that a participant purchases at fair market
value; or (iii) an Award granted as an inducement grant pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) or under the rules of an exchange
on which the Common Stock is traded, to the extent it is not traded on NASDAQ

 

No more than 2,000,000
Shares, and as increased on an annual basis, on the first day of each calendar year beginning with May 1, 2024 and ending with
the last May 1 during the initial ten-year term of the Plan, by the lesser of (A) five percent (5%) of the shares of Common Stock
outstanding (on an as-converted basis, which shall include Shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all
outstanding securities or rights convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, including without limitation, preferred
stock, warrants and employee options to purchase any shares of Common Stock) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar
year; (B) 300,000 shares of Common Stock, and (C) such lesser number of shares of Common Stock as determined by the Board, shall
be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs.

 

9

 

 

New Shares reserved for
issuance under the 2023 Plan may be authorized but unissued Shares of Company’s Common Stock or Shares of Company’s
Common Stock that will have been or may be reacquired by us in the open market, in private transactions or otherwise. If any Shares
of Company’s Common Stock subject to an Award are forfeited, cancelled, exchanged or surrendered or if an Award terminates
or expires without a distribution of Shares to the participant, the Shares of Company Common Stock with respect to such Award will,
to the extent of any such forfeiture, cancellation, exchange, surrender, termination or expiration, again be available for Awards
under the Plan except that (i) any Shares of Company Common Stock reacquired by the Company on the open market or otherwise using
cash proceeds from the exercise of options, and (ii) any Shares of Company Common Stock surrendered or withheld as payment of either
the exercise price of an Award and/or withholding taxes in respect of an Award will not again be available for Awards under the
Plan. If an Award is denominated in Shares of Company’s Common Stock, but settled in cash, the number of Shares of Common
Stock previously subject to the Award will again be available for grants under the 2023 Plan. If an Award can only be settled in
cash, it will not be counted against the total number of Shares of Common Stock available for grant under the 2023 Plan. However,
upon the exercise of any Award granted in tandem with any other Awards, such related Awards will be cancelled as to the number
of Shares as to which the Award is exercised and such number of Shares of Company’s Common Stock will no longer be available
for grant under the 2023 Plan.

 

As of January 3, 2023,
2,000,000 Shares of Common Stock represents approximately 34.1% of our Common Stock outstanding.

 

Administration

 

The 2023 Plan will be administered
by the Board or a committee to which the Board delegates such responsibility (the “Administrator”). The 2023 Plan will
be administered by the Administrator in accordance with Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any
other applicable legal or stock exchange listing requirements. The Administrator may interpret the 2023 Plan and may prescribe,
amend and rescind rules and make all other determinations necessary or desirable for the administration of the 2023 Plan. The 2023
Plan permits the Administrator to select the eligible recipients who will receive awards (“Awards”), to determine the
terms and conditions of those Awards, including but not limited to the exercise price or other purchase price of an Award, the
number of Shares of Common Stock or cash or other property subject to an Award, the term of an Award and the vesting schedule applicable
to an Award, to determine the terms and conditions of written instruments evidencing such Awards (an “Award Agreement”)
and to amend the terms and conditions of outstanding Awards.

 

Eligibility

 

Employees, directors and
independent contractors of the Company or any of its affiliates will be eligible to receive Awards under the 2023 Plan, subject
to certain limitations to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code. The participants in the
2023 Plan shall be selected from time to time by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, from those individuals that qualify
as eligible recipients.

 

The following table sets forth, as of February
7, 2023, the approximate number of each class of participants eligible to participate in the Plan and the basis of such participation.

 

Class
 and Basis of Participation
 

Approximate

 Number of
 Class

Employees
 

 
45
 

Directors
 

 
5
 

Independent Contractors
 

 
10
 

 

Consideration for Awards

 

The purchase price for
any Award granted under the 2023 Plan or the Common Stock to be delivered pursuant to any such Award, as applicable, may be paid
by means of any lawful consideration as determined by the Administrator, including, without limitation, one or a combination of
the following methods:

 

10

 

 

●
cash,
 check
 payable
 to
 the
 order
 of
 the
 Company,
 or
 electronic
 funds
 transfer;

 

●
the
 delivery
 of
 previously
 owned
 and
 fully
 vested
 Shares
 of
 Common
 Stock;

 

●
by
 a
 reduction
 in
 the
 number
 of
 Shares
 otherwise
 deliverable
 pursuant
 to
 the
 Award;

 

●
any
 other
 form
 of
 consideration
 approved
 by
 the
 Administrator
 and
 permitted
 by
 Applicable
 Laws;
 or

 

●
any
 combination
 of
 the
 foregoing.

 

Types of Awards

 

The 2023 Plan permits the
grant of: (a) stock options, which may be intended as incentive stock options (“ISOs”) or as nonqualified stock options;
(b) stock appreciation rights (“SARs”); (c) restricted stock; (d) restricted stock units; and (e) other stock-based
awards. Items described above in the Section called “Shares Available” are incorporated herein by reference.

 

Options

 

Options granted under the
2023 Plan shall be designated as nonqualified stock options or ISOs. Each participant (“Participant”) who is granted
an option (“Option”) shall enter into an Award Agreement with the Company, containing such terms and conditions as
the Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, including, among other things, the Exercise Price (as defined in the
2023 Plan) of the Option, the term of the Option and provisions regarding exercisability of the Option, and whether the Option
is intended to be an ISO or a nonqualified stock option (and in the event the Award Agreement has no such designation, the Option
shall be a nonqualified stock option). The provisions of each Option need not be the same with respect to each Participant. More
than one Option may be granted to the same Participant and be outstanding concurrently hereunder. The Exercise Price of Shares
purchasable under an Option shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion at the time of grant, but in no event
shall the exercise price of an Option be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a Share of Common Stock
on the date of grant. The maximum term of each Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Option shall be exercisable more
than ten (10) years after the date such Option is granted. The Administrator shall have the authority to accelerate the exercisability
of any outstanding Option at such time and under such circumstances as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.

 

Each Option shall be exercisable
at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions, including the attainment of performance goals, as shall be determined
by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement. The Administrator may also provide that any Option shall be exercisable
only in installments, and the Administrator may waive such installment exercise provisions at any time, in whole or in part, based
on such factors as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion. The Administrator shall have the authority to accelerate
the exercisability of any outstanding Option at such time and under such circumstances as the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
deems appropriate.

 

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the 2023 Plan, if an ISO is granted to a participant who owns Shares representing more than ten percent (10%)
of the voting power of all classes of Shares of the Company at the time of grant, its “parent corporation” (as such
term is defined in Section 424(e) of the Code) or a subsidiary of the Company, the term of the ISO shall not exceed five (5) years
from the time of grant of such ISO and the Exercise Price shall be at least one hundred and ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market
Value of the Shares on the date of grant. A Participant shall have no rights to dividends, dividend equivalents or distributions
or any other rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to an Option until the Participant has given written notice
of the exercise thereof, and has paid in full for such Shares and has satisfied the requirements of the 2023 Plan.

 

Treatment of an Option upon termination of
employment of a Participant shall be provided for by the Administrator in the Award Agreement. An Option shall be affected, both
with regard to vesting schedule and termination, by leaves of absence, including unpaid and un-protected leaves of absence, changes
from full-time to part-time employment, partial disability or other changes in the employment status or service status of a Participant,
in the discretion of the Administrator.

 

Stock Appreciation Rights

 

The Administrator will
be authorized to award SARs under the 2023 Plan. SARs will be subject to the terms and conditions established by the Administrator
and reflected in the Award Agreement. A SAR is a contractual right that allows a participant to receive, in the form of either
cash, Shares or any combination of cash and Shares, the appreciation, if any, in the value of a Share over a certain period of
time. An option granted under the 2023 Plan may include SARs, and SARs may also be awarded to a participant independent of the
grant of an option. SARs granted in connection with an option shall be subject to terms similar to the option corresponding to
such SARs.

 

11

 

 

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock
Units (RSUs)

 

The Administrator will
be authorized to award restricted stock or RSUs under the 2023 Plan. Awards of restricted stock and RSUs will be subject to the
terms and conditions established by the Administrator at its sole discretion.

 

Other Stock-Based Awards

 

Other Stock-Based Awards
may be issued under the 2023 Plan. Subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, the Administrator shall have sole and complete authority
to determine the individuals to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock-Based Awards shall be granted. An example
of an Other Stock-Based Award is a performance bonus payable as Company Common Stock.

 

Equitable Adjustments

 

In the event of a merger,
consolidation, reclassification, recapitalization, spin-off, spin-out, repurchase, reorganization, special or extraordinary dividend
or other extraordinary distribution (whether in the form of common shares, cash or other property), combination, exchange of shares,
or other change in corporate structure affecting our common stock, an equitable substitution or proportionate adjustment shall
be made in (i) the aggregate number and kind of securities reserved for issuance under the 2023 Plan, (ii) the kind and number
of securities subject to, and the exercise price of, any outstanding options and SARs granted under the 2023 Plan, (iii) the kind,
number and purchase price of Shares of Common Stock, or the amount of cash or amount or type of property, subject to outstanding
restricted stock, RSUs and other stock-based Awards granted under the 2023 Plan and (iv) the terms and conditions of any outstanding
Awards (including any applicable performance targets). Equitable substitutions or adjustments other than those listed above may
also be made as determined by the Administrator. In addition, the Administrator may terminate all outstanding Awards for the payment
of cash or in-kind consideration having an aggregate fair market value equal to the excess of the fair market value of the Shares
of Common Stock, cash or other property covered by such Awards over the aggregate exercise price, if any, of such Awards, but if
the exercise price of any outstanding Award is equal to or greater than the fair market value of the Shares of Common Stock, cash
or other property covered by such Award, the Administrator may cancel the Award without the payment of any consideration to the
participant. With respect to Awards subject to foreign laws, adjustments will be made in compliance with applicable requirements.
Except to the extent determined by the Administrator, adjustments to incentive stock options will be made only to the extent not
constituting a “modification” within the meaning of Section 424(h)(3) of the Code.

 

Change in Control

 

The 2023 Plan provides
that, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator and evidenced in an Award Agreement, if a “change in control”
(as defined below) occurs and a participant is employed by us or any of our affiliates immediately prior to the consummation of
the change in control, then the Administrator, in its sole and absolute discretion, may (i) provide that any unvested or unexercisable
portion of an Award carrying a right to exercise will become fully vested and exercisable; and (ii) cause the restrictions, deferral
limitations, payment conditions and forfeiture conditions applicable to any Award granted under the 2023 Plan to lapse, and the
Awards will be deemed fully vested and any performance conditions imposed with respect to such Awards will be deemed to be fully
achieved at target performance levels. The Administrator shall have discretion in connection with such change in control to provide
that all outstanding and unexercised options and SARs shall expire upon the consummation of such change in control.

 

For purposes of the 2023
Plan, a “change in control” means, in summary, the first to occur of the following events: (i) a person or entity becomes
the beneficial owner of more than 50% of our voting power; (ii) an unapproved change in the majority membership of our board of
directors; (iii) a merger or consolidation of us or any of our subsidiaries, other than (A) a merger or consolidation that results
in our voting securities continuing to represent 50% or more of the combined voting power of the surviving entity or its parent
and our board of directors immediately prior to the merger or consolidation continuing to represent at least a majority of the
board of directors of the surviving entity or its parent or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization
in which no person is or becomes the beneficial owner of our voting securities representing more than 50% of our combined voting
power; or (iv) stockholder approval of a plan of our complete liquidation or dissolution or the consummation of an agreement for
the sale or disposition of substantially all of our assets, other than (A) a sale or disposition to an entity, more than 50% of
the combined voting power of which is owned by our stockholders in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of us
immediately prior to such sale or (B) a sale or disposition to an entity controlled by our board of directors. However, a change
in control will not be deemed to have occurred as a result of any transaction or series of integrated transactions following which
our stockholders, immediately prior thereto, hold immediately afterward the same proportionate equity interests in the entity that
owns all or substantially all of our assets.

 

12

 

 

Amendment and Termination 

 

The Board may amend, alter
or terminate the 2023 Plan at any time, but no amendment, alteration or termination shall be made that would impair the rights
of a participant under any outstanding Award theretofore granted without such participant’s consent. The Board shall obtain
approval of the Company’s stockholders for any amendment that would require such approval in order to satisfy the requirements
of any rules of the stock exchange on which the Common Stock is traded or other applicable law. The 2023 Plan will terminate on
the tenth anniversary of January 3, 2023 ( the “Effective Date”) (although awards granted before that time will remain
outstanding in accordance with their terms).

 

Clawback

 

If the Company is required
to prepare a financial restatement due to the Company’s material non-compliance (whether one occurrence or a series of occurrences
of noncompliance) with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws (including if the Company is required to prepare
an accounting restatement to correct an error (or a series of errors)), then the Committee may require any executive officer of
the Company whom the Board has determined is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 10D-1(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended from time to time (such officer, a “Executive Officer”) to repay or forfeit to the Company,
and each Executive Officer agrees to so repay or forfeit, that part of any cash bonus and any award made pursuant to any employment
agreement, equity award agreement or similar agreement (including any award made under the Plan) (collectively, “Incentive
Compensation”) received by that Executive Officer during the three (3) completed fiscal years (together with any intermittent
stub fiscal year period(s) of less than nine (9) months resulting from Company’s transition to different fiscal year measurement
dates) preceding the date the Company is deemed to be required to prepare an accounting restatement of its financial statements
that the Committee determines was in excess of the amount that such Executive Officer would have received had such Incentive Compensation
been calculated based on the restated numbers, and irrespective of any fault, misconduct or responsibility of any Executive Officer
for the accounting restatement of the Company’s financial statements. The amount and form of the Incentive Compensation to
be recouped shall be determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion and calculated on a pre-tax basis, and the
form of such recoupment of Incentive Compensation may be made, in the Committee’s sole and absolute discretion, through the
forfeiture or cancellation of vested or unvested awards, cash repayment or both. In addition, any award which is subject to recovery
under any applicable laws, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant
to any such applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement) will be subject to such deductions and
clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement
(or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement).

 

US Federal Income Tax Consequences

 

The following is a summary
of certain United States federal income tax consequences of awards under the 2023 Plan. It does not purport to be a complete description
of all applicable rules, and those rules (including those summarized here) are subject to change.

 

Non-Qualified
Stock Options

 

A
participant who has been granted a non-qualified stock option will not recognize taxable income upon the grant of a non-qualified
stock option. Rather, at the time of exercise of such non-qualified stock option, the participant will recognize ordinary income
for income tax purposes in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of the Shares of Common Stock purchased over
the exercise price. We generally will be entitled to a tax deduction at such time and in the same amount that the participant recognizes
ordinary income. If Shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of a non-qualified stock option are later sold or exchanged,
then the difference between the amount received upon such sale or exchange and the fair market value of such Shares on the date
of such exercise will generally be taxable as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss (if the Shares are a capital asset of
the participant) depending upon the length of time such Shares were held by the participant.

 

13

 

 

Incentive
Stock Options (“ISO”)

 

In general, no taxable
income is realized by a participant upon the grant of an ISO. If Shares of Common Stock are purchased by a participant, or option
shares, pursuant to the exercise of an ISO granted under the 2023 Plan and the participant does not dispose of the option shares
within the two-year period after the date of grant or within one year after the receipt of such option shares by the participant,
such disposition a disqualifying disposition, then, generally (1) the participant will not realize ordinary income upon exercise
and (2) upon sale of such option shares, any amount realized in excess of the exercise price paid for the option shares will be
taxed to such participant as capital gain (or loss). The amount by which the fair market value of the Common Stock on the exercise
date of an ISO exceeds the purchase price generally will constitute an item which increases the participant’s “alternative
minimum taxable income.” If option shares acquired upon the exercise of an ISO are disposed of in a disqualifying disposition,
the participant generally would include in ordinary income in the year of disposition an amount equal to the excess of the fair
market value of the option shares at the time of exercise (or, if less, the amount realized on the disposition of the option shares),
over the exercise price paid for the option shares. Subject to certain exceptions, an option generally will not be treated as an
ISO if it is exercised more than three months following termination of employment. If an ISO is exercised at a time when it no
longer qualifies as an ISO, such option will be treated as a nonqualified stock option as discussed above. In general, we will
receive an income tax deduction at the same time and in the same amount as the participant recognizes ordinary income.

 

Stock Appreciation Rights

 

A participant who is granted
an SAR generally will not recognize ordinary income upon receipt of the SAR. Rather, at the time of exercise of such SAR, the participant
will recognize ordinary income for income tax purposes in an amount equal to the value of any cash received and the fair market
value on the date of exercise of any shares of Common Stock received. We generally will be entitled to a tax deduction at such
time and in the same amount, if any, that the participant recognizes as ordinary income. The participant’s tax basis in any
shares of Common Stock received upon exercise of an SAR will be the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock on the date
of exercise, and if the shares are later sold or exchanged, then the difference between the amount received upon such sale or exchange
and the fair market value of such shares on the date of exercise will generally be taxable as long-term or short-term capital gain
or loss (if the shares are a capital asset of the participant) depending upon the length of time such shares were held by the participant.

 

Restricted
Stock

 

A
participant generally will not be taxed upon the grant of restricted stock, but rather will recognize ordinary income in an amount
equal to the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock at the earlier of the time the shares become transferable or are no
longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (within the meaning of the Code). 
We 
generally
will be entitled to a deduction at the time when, and in the amount that, the participant recognizes ordinary income on account
of the lapse of the restrictions. A participant’s tax basis in the shares of Common Stock will equal their fair market value
at the time the restrictions lapse, and the participant’s holding period for capital gains purposes will begin at that time.
Any cash dividends paid on the shares of Common Stock before the restrictions lapse will be taxable to the participant as additional
compensation and not as dividend income, unless the individual has made an election under Section 83(b) of the Code. Under Section
83(b) of the Code, a participant may elect to recognize ordinary income at the time the restricted 
shares are 
awarded
in an amount equal to 
their 
fair market value at that time, notwithstanding
the fact that such stock is subject to restrictions or transfer and a substantial risk of forfeiture. If such an election is made,
no additional taxable income will be recognized by such participant at the time the restrictions lapse, the participant will have
a tax basis in the shares of Common Stock equal to their fair market value on the date of their award, and the participant’s
holding period for capital gains purposes will begin at that time. 
We 
generally
will be entitled to a tax deduction at the time when, and to the extent that, ordinary income is recognized by such participant.

 

Restricted
Stock Units

 

In general, the grant of
RSUs will not result in income for the participant or in a tax deduction for us. Upon the settlement of such an award in cash or
shares of Common Stock, the participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the aggregate value of the payment received, and
we generally will be entitled to a tax deduction at the same time and in the same amount.

 

14

 

 

Other
Awards

 

With
respect to other stock-based awards, generally when the participant receives payment in respect of the award, the amount of cash
and/or the fair market value of any shares of Common Stock or other property received will be ordinary income to the participant,
and 
we 
generally will be entitled to a tax deduction at the same time and
in the same amount.

 

New Plan Benefits

 

Future grants under the
2023 Plan will be made at the discretion of the Administrator and, accordingly, are not yet determinable. In addition, benefits
under the 2023 Plan will depend on a number of factors, including the fair market value of our Common Stock on future dates and
the exercise decisions made by participants. Other than the awards described below, we do not know of any other awards or future
benefits, as all future awards will be made at the discretion of the Administrator. Consequently, at this time, it is not possible
to determine the future benefits that might be received by participants receiving discretionary grants under the 2023 Plan.

 

As of February 7, 2023
the closing price of a Share of the Company’s Common Stock was $1.41.

 

New
Plan Benefits

 

2023
 Plan
 

 
 

 

 
 

 
 

 

Name
 and position
 

Dollar
 value ($)
 

Number
 of units

 
 

 
 

 

Martin
 Kay, CEO
 

$
0.00
 
 

 
1,000,000
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Jason
 Frishman, Founder and former CEO Netcapital Funding Portal
 

$
0.00
 
 

 
200,000
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Coreen
 Kraysler, CFO
 

$
0.00
 
 

 
200,000
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Executive
 Group
 

$
0.00
 
 

 
0
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Non-Executive
 Director Group
 

$
0.00
 
 

 
0
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Non-Executive
 Officer Employee Group
 

$
0.00
 
 

 
200,000
 

 

In connection with the
Employment Agreement with Martin Kay described above, on January 3, 2023, the Company granted Mr. Kay non-qualified stock options
under the 2023 Plan to purchase one-million (1,000,000) shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $1.43 per share, subject
to the approval of the 2023 Plan by our stockholders. The options vest and become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments,
and expire on January 3, 2023.

 

15

 

 

In addition, on January
3, 2023, we granted non-qualified stock options to purchase 200,000 Shares of our Common Stock to each of Jason Frishman, Coreen
Kraysler and Paul Riss (600,000 shares total), under the 2023 Plan at an exercise price of $1.43 per Share, subject to the approval
of the 2023 Plan by our stockholders. These options vest and become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments, and expire on
January 3, 2033.

 

Equity Compensation Plan Information

 

2021 Equity Incentive Plan

 

The following table shows
information regarding our equity compensation plans as of April 30, 2022.

 

Plan Category

 

Number of 
securities to be 
issued upon exercise of 
outstanding options, 
warrants and rights (a)

 

Weighted average 
exercise price 
of outstanding options, 
warrants and rights (b)

 

Number of securities 
remaining available 
for future issuance 
under equity 
compensation plans 
(excluding securities 
reflected in column (c)

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders

 

 

—

 

 

 

—

 

 

 

—

 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1)

 

 

271,000

 

 

$

10.50

 

 

 

29,000

 

Total

 

 

271,000

 

 

$

10.50

 

 

 

29,000

 

 

(1) 
2021 Equity Incentive Plan
. In November
2021, our Board adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, or the Plan. An aggregate of 300,000 shares of our common stock is reserved
for issuance and available for awards under the Plan, including incentive stock options granted under the Plan. The Plan administrator
may grant awards to any employee, director, consultant or other person providing services to us or our affiliates. As of June 23,
2022, we had awarded an aggregate of 271,000 options to purchase shares of common stock to directors and there remain 29,000 shares
for grant under the Plan.

 

The Plan is administered
by our Board. The Plan administrator has the authority to determine, within the limits of the express provisions of the Plan, the
individuals to whom awards will be granted, the nature, amount and terms of such awards and the objectives and conditions for earning
such awards. Our Board may at any time amend or terminate the Plan, provided that no such action may be taken that adversely affects
any rights or obligations with respect to any awards previously made under the Plan without the consent of the recipient. No awards
may be made under the Plan after the tenth anniversary of its effective date.

 

Awards under the Plan may
include incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), restricted shares
of common stock, restricted stock units, performance share awards, stock bonuses and other stock-based awards and cash-based incentive
awards.

 

Stock Options
. The
Plan administrator may grant to a participant options to purchase our common stock that qualify as incentive stock options for
purposes of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (“incentive stock options”), options that do not qualify as incentive
stock options (“non-qualified stock options”) or a combination thereof. The terms and conditions of stock option grants,
including the quantity, price, vesting periods, and other conditions on exercise will be determined by the Plan administrator.
The exercise price for stock options will be determined by the Plan administrator in its discretion, but non-qualified stock options
and incentive stock options may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of one share of our company’s common stock
on the date when the stock option is granted. Additionally, in the case of incentive stock options granted to a holder of more
than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock on the date of grant, the exercise price may not be less
than 110% of the fair market value of one share of common stock on the date the stock option is granted. Stock options must be
exercised within a period fixed by the Plan administrator that may not exceed ten years from the date of grant, except that in
the case of incentive stock options granted to a holder of more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our
stock on the date of grant, the exercise period may not exceed five years. At the Plan administrator’s discretion, payment
for shares of common stock on the exercise of stock options may be made in cash, shares of our common stock held by the participant
or in any other form of consideration acceptable to the Plan administrator (including one or more forms of “cashless”
or “net” exercise).

 

16

 

 

Stock Appreciation Rights
.
The Plan administrator may grant to a participant an award of SARs, which entitles the participant to receive, upon its exercise,
a payment equal to (i) the excess of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the exercise date over the SAR exercise
price, times (ii) the number of shares of common stock with respect to which the SAR is exercised. The exercise price for a SAR
will be determined by the Plan administrator in its discretion; provided, however, that in no event shall the exercise price be
less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant.

 

Restricted Shares and
Restricted Units
. The Plan administrator may award to a participant shares of common stock subject to specified restrictions
(“restricted shares”). Restricted shares are subject to forfeiture if the participant does not meet certain conditions
such as continued employment over a specified forfeiture period and/or the attainment of specified performance targets over the
forfeiture period. The Plan administrator also may award to a participant units representing the right to receive shares of common
stock in the future subject to the achievement of one or more goals relating to the completion of service by the participant and/or
the achievement of performance or other objectives (“restricted units”). The terms and conditions of restricted share
and restricted unit awards are determined by the Plan administrator.

 

Stock Bonuses
. Stock
bonuses may be granted as additional compensation for service or performance and may be settled in the form of common stock, cash
or a combination thereof, and may be subject to restrictions, which may vest subject to continued service and/or the achievement
of performance conditions.

 

Performance Awards
.
The Plan administrator may grant performance awards to participants under such terms and conditions as the Plan administrator deems
appropriate. A performance award entitles a participant to receive a payment from us, the amount of which is based upon the attainment
of predetermined performance targets over a specified award period. Performance awards may be paid in cash, shares of common stock
or a combination thereof, as determined by the Plan administrator.

 

Other Stock-Based Awards
.
The Plan administrator may grant equity-based or equity-related awards, referred to as “other stock-based awards,”
other than options, SARs, restricted shares, restricted units, or performance awards. The terms and conditions of each other stock-based
award will be determined by the Plan administrator. Payment under any other stock-based awards will be made in common stock or
cash, as determined by the Plan administrator.

 

2022 Summary Compensation Table

 

The following table sets forth,
for the fiscal years indicated, all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to Cecilia Lenk, our Chief Executive Officer, Coreen Kraysler,
our Chief Financial Officer, our Founder and former Chief Executive Officer of our wholly owned subsidiary Netcapital Funding Portal,
Inc., Jason Frishman, and Carole Murko, our former Chief Marketing Officer, or, collectively, the Named Executive Officers, or NEOs.

 

17

 

 

 

Summary Compensation Table

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Non-equity

 

Nonqualified

 

 

 

 

Name

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

incentive

 

deferred

 

 

 

 

and

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Stock

 

Option

 

plan

 

compensation

 

All other

 

 

principal

 

 

 

Salary

 

Bonus

 

awards

 

awards

 

compensation

 

earnings

 

compensation

 

Total

position

 

Year

 

($)

 

($)

 

($)
(1)

 

($)
(2)

 

($)

 

($)

 

($)
(3)

 

($)

(a)

 

(b)

 

(c)

 

(d)

 

(e)

 

(f)

 

(g)

 

(h)

 

(i)

 

 

Cecilia

 

 

2022

 

 

 

96,000

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

40,608

 

 

 

5,825

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

142,433

 

Lenk, CEO (until January 2, 2023)

 

 

2021

 

 

 

81,431

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

161,107

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

242,538

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Coreen

 

 

2022

 

 

 

96,000

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

40,608

 

 

 

11,649

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

148,257

 

Kraysler, CFO

 

 

2021

 

 

 

81,431

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

161,107

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

242,538

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Carole

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Murko, former CMO (until January 7, 2022)
(3)

 

 

2022

 

 

 

69,676

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

109,547

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

7,385

 

 

 

186,608

 

 

 

 

2021

 

 

 

88,431

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

31,693

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

120,124

 

Jason Frishman, Founder and former CEO Netcapital
 Funding Portal (until February 9, 2023)

 

 

2022

 

 

 

96,000

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

11,649

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

107,649

 

 

 

 

2021

 

 

 

114,284

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

114,284

 

 

 

(1)

Amounts reported represent the aggregate
 grant date fair value for stock awards granted in each respective year in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, excluding the
 effect of forfeitures. See Item 7, “Stockholder’s Equity” in the Notes to the Company’s Consolidated
 Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended April 30, 2022 for more information regarding the Company’s accounting for share-based compensation plans.
 The amounts shown in the Summary Compensation Table above do not represent the actual value realized by each NEO.

 

(2)

Amounts reported represent
 the aggregate grant date fair value for option awards granted in each respective year in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718,
 excluding the effect of forfeitures. See Item 7, “Stockholder’s Equity” in the Notes to the Company’s
 Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 included in the Company’s Annual Report on
 Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022 for more information regarding the Company’s accounting for share-based
 compensation plans. The amounts shown in the Summary Compensation Table above do not represent the actual value realized by
 each NEO.

 

(3

Ms. Murko received severance
 of $7,385 and her 8,885 unvested shares vested upon termination, both pursuant to a separation agreement.

 

Employment Agreements

 

We currently have employment agreements
with Martin Kay, Coreen Kraysler and Jason Frishman as described below. Prior to Ms. Lenk’s resignation on January 3, 2023, resignation
of Jason Frishman on February 9, 2023, and the termination of Carole Murko on January 7, 2022, we had an employment agreement with each
as described below:

 

Employment Agreement with Martin Kay

 

We entered into an employment
agreement with Martin Kay on January 3, 2023 under which we employ Mr. Kay as Chief Executive Officer. Under the terms of his Employment
Agreement, Mr. Kay is eligible to:

 

(a)
receive
 an
 annual
 base
 salary
 of
 $300,000;

 

(b)
receive
 an
 option
 grant
 to
 purchase
 100,000
 fully
 vested
 Shares
 of
 the
 Company
 pursuant
 to
 the
 2023
 Plan
 and
 an
 option
 grant
 to
 purchase
 1,000,000
 Shares
 of
 the
 Company,
 which
 vest
 monthly
 over
 four
 (4)
 years
 pursuant
 to
 an
 option
 award
 agreement,
 described
 below,
 and
 in
 each
 case
 subject
 to
 the
 2023
 Plan;

 

(c)
receive
 periodic
 bonuses
 or
 additional
 salary
 in
 the
 discretion
 of
 the
 Board
 or
 compensation
 committee;

 

(d)
receive
 .005
 time
 of
 gross
 revenue
 paid
 in
 cash
 annually
 so
 long
 as
 the
 Company
 reports
 positive
 earnings
 after
 the
 bonus
 is
 paid;

 

18

 

 

(e)
participate
 in
 the
 Company’s
 fringe
 benefits,
 health
 and
 welfare
 plans,
 and
 pension
 and/
 or
 profit
 sharing
 plans
 provided
 to
 executives;

 

(f)
receive
 reimbursement
 for
 all
 reasonable
 business
 expenses;

 

(g)
receive
 sick
 leave,
 sick
 pay,
 and
 disability
 benefits
 in
 accordance
 with
 Company
 policy;

 

The Employment Agreement,
which has a three-year term, may be terminated upon the occurrence of the death of Mr. Kay, at any time by Mr. Kay, by the Company
due to disability, by the Company for “cause”, and by Mr. Kay for “good reason”. The Employment Agreement
also contain provisions regarding, among other things, a six (6)-month non-competition provision, confidential information, governing
law, and covenants governing Mr. Kay’s conduct.

 

Employment Agreement with Coreen Kraysler

 

We entered into an employment
agreement with Jason Frishman on June 23, 2022 pursuant to which we employed Mr. Frishman as Chief Executive Officer of Netcapital Funding
Portal, Inc. The term of his agreement ends on June 23, 2025. The Agreement provided for an annual base salary during the term of the
agreement of $96,000, which will be increased to $150,000 upon completion of this offering. Mr. Frishman is eligible for periodic bonuses
or for additional salary in addition to his base salary, as may be determined by our board of directors or the compensation committee.

 

The agreement also contained the
following material provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or profit share plans; eligible
to participate in any medical and health plans; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits; entitled to reimbursement for
all reasonable and necessary business expenses. Mr. Frishman agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under his agreement.

 

Mr. Frishman resigned from his
position as Chief Executive Officer of Netcapital Funding Portal, Inc. effective February 9, 2023; however, he remains a founder of Netcapital
Inc. As a result of his resignation, Mr. Frishman is not party to a current employment agreement.

 

Employment Agreement with Cecilia Lenk

 

We entered into an employment
agreement with Jason Frishman on June 23 2022 pursuant to which we employ Mr. Frishman as Chief Executive Officer of Netcapital
Funding Portal, Inc. The term of his agreement ends on June 23, 2025. The Agreement provides for an annual base salary during the
term of the agreement of $96,000, which will be increased to $150,000 upon completion of this offering. Mr. Frishman is eligible
for periodic bonuses or for additional salary in addition to his base salary, as may be determined by our board of directors or
the compensation committee.

 

The agreement also contains
the following material provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or profit share
plans; eligible to participate in any medical and health plans; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits; entitled
to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. Mr. Frishman agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under
his agreement.

 

[Employment Agreement with Cecilia Lenk

 

We entered into an employment
agreement with Cecilia Lenk on June 23, 2022 pursuant to which we employed Ms. Lenk as our President and Chief Executive Officer.
The Agreement provided for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $96,000, which will be increased to $150,000
upon completion of this offering. Ms. Lenk is eligible for periodic bonuses or for additional salary in addition to her base salary,
as may be determined by our board of directors or the compensation committee.

 

The agreement also contained
the following material provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or profit share
plans; eligible to participate in any medical and health plans; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits; entitled
to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. Ms. Lenk agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under
her agreement.

 

Ms. Lenk resigned her position
as Chief Executive Officer effective January 3, 2023; however she remains a director of Netcapital Inc. and the President of Netcapital
Advisors Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Netcapital Inc. As a result of her resignation, Ms. Lenk is not party to a current
employment agreement.

 

19

 

 

Employment Agreement with Carole Murko

 

We entered into an employment
agreement with Carole Murko on March 10, 2020 pursuant to which we employed Ms. Murko as our Director of Business Development.
The agreement was for an initial term of four years. The agreement provided for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement
of $1.00 plus a commission of 20% of the cash collected from revenues generated directly by Ms. Murko plus an unvested grant of
stock-based compensation of 12,500 shares (after giving effect to the November 2020 1-for-2000 reverse stock split) of restricted
stock. The stock vested over a 48-month period in equal installments of 260 shares per month. Ms. Murko is eligible for periodic
bonuses or for additional salary in addition to her base salary.

 

The agreement also contained
the following material provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or profit share
plans; eligible to participate in any medical and health plans; entitled to up to eight weeks of paid time off; entitled to sick
leave, sick pay and disability benefits; entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. If Ms. Murko
was to be terminated for any reason other than “cause” prior to the end of her term, then the Company will have no
claim on the unvested portion of her 12,500 shares. If Ms. Murko resigned without “good reason” or retired before the
end of her term, the unvested shares would have been returned to the Company. Ms. Murko agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms
under her agreement.

 

Separation Agreement with Carole Murko

 

Pursuant to a separation
agreement dated March 10, 2020, effective as of January 7, 2022, the Company terminated the employment agreement of Carol Murko,
its chief marketing officer. As a result of the termination, an unvested equity grant amounting to 8,855 shares of the Company’s
common stock, par value $0.001, became fully vested. Ms. Murko also received four week’s salary of $7,384.60 as a lump sum
payment when the separation agreement was signed, in exchange for a mutual general release of claims and covenant not to sue.

 

Bonuses

 

In October of 2022, bonuses
were paid to Jason Frishman, Coreen Kraysler, and Paul Riss in the amounts of $25,000 each. . These bonuses were paid to recognize
the contributions of these individuals for completing the public offering of the Company, which was completed by the Company in
July 2022 and were approved by the board of the Company, and were not paid in respect of the 2022 fiscal year.

 

Outstanding Equity Awards At the End of
Fiscal Year 2022

 

The following table provides
information about outstanding stock options issued by the Company held by each of our NEOs as of April 30, 2022. None of our NEOs
held any other equity awards from the Company as of April 30, 2022.

 

Option Awards

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Equity
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Incentive
 

Plan
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

Awards:
 

 
 

 

 
 

Number
 

Number
 

of
 Number
 

of
 

 

 
 

Securities
 

Securities
 

Securities
 

 
 

 

 
 

Underlying
 

Underlying
 

Underlying
 

Option
 

 

 
 

Unexercised
 

Unexercised
 

Unexercised
 

Exercise
 

Option

 
 

Options
 

Options
 

(#)
 Unearned
 

Price
 

Expiration

Name
 

Exercisable
 

Unexercisable
 

Options
 (#)
 

($)
 

Date

(a)
 

(b)
 

(c)
 

(d)
 

(e)
 

(f)

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 

 
Cecilia Lenk
 
 

 
625
 
 

 
9,375
 
 

 
 
 

 
10.50
 
 

 
2/9/2032
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
Coreen
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
Kraysler
 
 

 
1,250
 
 

 
18,750
 
 

 
 
 

 
10.50
 
 

 
2/9/2032
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
Jason
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
Frishman
 
 

 
1,250
 
 

 
18,750
 
 

 
 
 

 
10.50
 
 

 
2/9/2032
 

 

(1) The options generally vest over time, as
follows: Options vest monthly over a 48-month period following January date of grant, with full vesting on January 31, 2026. All
prior stock awards to NEOs were fully vested before April 30, 2022. The Options shall vest with respect to 100% of the Shares over
a four-year period, with approximately 416 shares, for Ms. Kraysler and Mr. Frishman, and 208 shares for Ms. Lenk (subject to adjustment
as provided in the Plan) vesting every month from the date of issuance until 100% of the Shares granted have vested. In addition,
the Option shall vest with respect to 100% of the Shares upon a sale of the company, as defined in the option agreements. All of
the options issued to Ms. Murko are fully vested.

 

20

 

 

Additional Narrative Disclosure

 

Items described above
in the Section called “Employment Agreements” under the heading “Separation Agreement with Carole Murko”
is incorporated herein by reference.

 

Director Compensation

 

Name

 

Fees earned or paid in cash

($)

 

Stock awards

($)
(1)

 

Option awards

($)
(2)

 

Non-equity incentive plan

compensation

($)

 

Nonqualified deferred

compensation earnings

($)

 

All other compensation

($)

 

Total

($)

(a)

 

(b)

 

(c)

 

(d)

 

(e)

 

(f)

 

(g)

 

(h)

Avi Liss

 

 

 

$

100,000

(3)

 

$

9,692

(4)

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

$

109,692

 

Thomas Carmody

 

 

 

 

0

 

 

$

9,692

(4)

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

$

9,692

 

Steven Geary

 

 

 

 

0

 

 

$

9,692

(4)

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

 

0

 

 

$

9,692

 

 

(1)

Avi Liss was issued 10,000 Shares of Common Stock valued at $10.00 per Share on November 17, 2021, all of which are currently outstanding.

(2)

Avis Liss, Thomas Carmody, and Steven Geary, were each issued options (all of which are currently outstanding) to purchase 5,000 Shares of Common Stock of the Company, 
at an exercise price of $10.50
, under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan on February 9, 2022.

(3)

Amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value for stock awards granted in each respective year in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, excluding the effect of forfeitures. See Item 7, “Stockholder’s Equity” in the Notes] to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022 for more information regarding the Company’s accounting for share-based compensation plans. The amounts shown in the Director Compensation Table above do not represent the actual value realized by each Director.

(4)

Amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value for option awards granted in each respective year in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, excluding the effect of forfeitures. See Item 7, “Stockholder’s Equity” in the Notes to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022 for more information regarding the Company’s accounting for share-based compensation plans. The amounts shown in the Director Compensation Table above do not represent the actual value realized by each Director.

21

 

 

Current Director Compensation Program

 

Our current director compensation
program went into effect as of February 9, 2022, and is designed to align our director compensation program with the long-term
interests of our stockholders by implementing a program comprised of equity compensation. The directors do not receive cash compensation
as part of the director compensation program. We previously had no director compensation program.

 

In setting director compensation,
the Company considers the amount of time that directors expend in fulfilling their duties to the Company as well as the skill level
and experience required by our board of directors. The Company also considers board compensation practices at similarly situated
companies, while keeping in mind the compensation philosophy of the Company and the stockholders’ interests. The directors
also receive reimbursement for expenses, including reasonable travel expenses to attend board and committee meetings, reasonable
outside seminar expenses, and other special board related expenses.

 

The Company made one grant
to Avi Liss of 10,000 Shares of Common Stock valued at $10.00 per Share on November 17, 2021 in consideration of his services as
a director of the Company.

 

Additionally, on February
9, 2022, every board member received an option grant to purchase Shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $10.50 under the
2021 Equity Incentive Plan. Of the 25,000 option shares that were issued, 10,000 were granted to Ms. Lenk, the then current CEO,
and 5,000 Shares were granted to each of the independent directors, as set forth above.

 

Officer Compensation

 

Beginning in fiscal 2021, we paid each of our
Named Executives Officers an annual salary of $96,000 per annum. Each Named Executive Officer has also received varying amounts
of equity awards for their services. In addition to base pay, Carole Murko earned commissions on certain transactions.

 

Grants under the 2023 Plan

 

In connection with the
Employment Agreement with Martin Kay described above, on January 3, 2023, the Company granted Mr. Kay non-qualified stock options
under the 2023 Plan to purchase one-million (1,000,000) shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $1.43 per share, subject
to the approval of the 2023 Plan by our stockholders. The options vest and become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments.

 

In addition, on January
3, 2023, we granted non-qualified stock options to purchase 200,000 Shares of our common stock to each of Jason Frishman, Coreen
Kraysler and Paul Riss (600,000 shares total), under the 2023 Plan at an exercise price of $1.43 per Share, subject to the approval
of the 2023 Plan by our stockholders. These options vest and become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments.

 

22

 

 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

 

The following table sets
forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock as of February 7, 2023
 
by:

 

● 

each person whom we know beneficially owns more than
 5% of any class of equity security;

 

 

● 

each of our directors individually;

 

 

● 

each of our named executive officers individually;
 and

 

 

● 

all of our current directors and executive officers
 as a group.

 

We have determined beneficial
ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess
sole or shared voting or investment power with respect to such securities. In addition, pursuant to such rules, we deemed outstanding
shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
of February 7, 2023. We did not deem such shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the beneficial owners named
in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock that they beneficially own, subject
to applicable community property laws. The inclusion in the table below of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an
admission of beneficial ownership of those shares.

 

Name
 and Address
 
of Beneficial
 Owner 
(1)
 

Amount
 of Shares and Nature
 of Beneficial Ownership of Common 
 Stock
 

Percent
 of Common Stock*

5%
 Stockholders:
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Netcapital
 Systems LLC 
(2)
 

 
1,711,261
 
 

 
28.27
%

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Officers
 and Directors:
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Arnold Scott
 

 
86,140
 
 

 
1.42
%

Martin Kay
 
(3)
 

 
62,500
 
 

 
1.02
%

Coreen Kraysler
 
(4)
 

 
40,833
 
 

 
**%
 

Cecilia Lenk
 
(5)
 

 
28,568
 
 

 
**%
 

Avi Liss
(6)
 

 
12,458
 
 

 
**%
 

Steven Geary
(7)
 

 
11,758
 
 

 
**%
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Officers
 and Directors as a group (6 persons)
 

 
242,258
 
 

 
4.0
%

 

* Based on 6,053,027 shares outstanding as of February 7, 2023

** Less than 1%

 

 

(1)

Unless otherwise noted,
 the business address of each member of our Board is c/o Netcapital Inc. 1 Lincoln Street, Boston Massachusetts 02111.

 

 

(2)

The natural person with
 investment control over the securities held by Netcapital DE LLC is Jason Frishman. Netcapital Systems LLC has agreed to vote
 its shares of common stock to support the resolutions of the Board of Netcapital Inc. on any matters that are brought to a
 shareholder vote.

 

 

(3)

Includes 62,500 shares
 of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 7, 2023.

 

 

(4)

Includes 18,333 shares
 of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 7, 2023.

 

 

(5)

Includes 2,917 shares
 of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 7, 2023.

 

(6)

Includes 1,458 shares
 of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 7, 2023.

 

 

(7)

Includes 1,458 shares
 of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after February 7, 2023.

 

Required Vote of Stockholders

 

The affirmative vote of
a majority of the votes cast at the Special Meeting is required to approve the amendment to the 2023 Plan.

 

Board Recommendation

 

The board of directors
unanimously recommends a vote “
FOR
” Proposal 1.

 

23

 

 

OTHER MATTERS

 

The board of directors knows
of no other business, which will be presented to the Special Meeting. If any other business is properly brought before the Special
Meeting, proxies in the enclosed form will be voted in accordance with the judgment of the persons voting the proxies.

 

If you do not plan to attend
the Special Meeting, in order that your shares may be represented and in order to assure the required quorum, please sign, date
and return your proxy promptly. In the event you are able to attend the Special Meeting virtually, at your request, we will cancel
your previously submitted proxy.

 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 

HOUSEHOLDING

 

The SEC has adopted rules
that permit companies and intermediaries (e.g., brokers) to satisfy the delivery requirements for proxy statements and other Special
Meeting materials with respect to two or more stockholders sharing the same address by delivering a proxy statement or other Special
Meeting materials addressed to those stockholders. This process, which is commonly referred to as householding, potentially provides
extra convenience for stockholders and cost savings for companies. Stockholders who participate in householding will continue to
be able to access and receive separate proxy cards.

 

If you share an address
with another stockholder and have received multiple copies of our proxy materials, you may write or call us at the address or phone
number below to request delivery of a single copy of the notice and, if applicable, other proxy materials in the future. We undertake
to deliver promptly upon written or oral request a separate copy of the proxy materials, as requested, to a stockholder at a shared
address to which a single copy of the proxy materials was delivered. If you hold stock as a record stockholder and prefer to receive
separate copies of our proxy materials either now or in the future, please contact us at 1 Lincoln Street, Boston, MA 02111, Attn:
Secretary, or by phone at (781) 925-1700. If your stock is held through a brokerage firm or bank and you prefer to receive separate
copies of our proxy materials either now or in the future, please contact your brokerage firm or bank.

 

ANNUAL REPORT

 

Additional copies of our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 may be obtained without charge by writing to the Company at Lincoln Street, Boston,
MA 02111, Attn: Secretary, or by phone at (781) 925-1700.

 

 

By Order of the Board of Directors

 

 

By:

/s/ Martin
 Kay

 

Name:

Martin Kay

 

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

 

Date:

February_9, 2023

 

24

 

ANNEX A

NETCAPITAL INC.

2023 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

 

Section
1.              	
Purpose of Plan.

 

The name of the Plan is the Netcapital Inc. 2023
Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “
Plan
”). The purposes of the Plan are to (i) provide an additional incentive
to selected employees, directors, and independent contractors of the Company or its Affiliates whose contributions are essential
to the growth and success of the Company, (ii) strengthen the commitment of such individuals to the Company and its Affiliates,
(iii) motivate those individuals to faithfully and diligently perform their responsibilities and (iv) attract and retain
competent and dedicated individuals whose efforts will result in the long-term growth and profitability of the Company. To accomplish
these purposes, the Plan provides that the Company may grant Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock
Units, Other Stock-Based Awards or any combination of the foregoing.

 

Section
2.              	
Definitions.

 

For purposes of the Plan, the following terms
shall be defined as set forth below:

 

(a)           	“
Administrator
” means
the Board, or, if and to the extent the Board does not administer the Plan, the Committee in accordance with Section 3 hereof.

 

(b)          	“
Affiliate
” means a
Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
with, the Person specified as of any date of determination.

 

(c)           	“
Applicable Laws
” means the applicable requirements under U.S. federal and state corporate laws, U.S.
federal and state securities laws, including the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is
listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any other country or jurisdiction where Awards are granted under the Plan, as are
in effect from time to time.

 

(d)          	“
Award
” means any Option,
Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit or Other Stock-Based Award granted under the Plan.

 

(e)           	“
Award Agreement
” means
any written notice, agreement, contract or other instrument or document evidencing an Award, including through electronic medium,
which shall contain such terms and conditions with respect to an Award as the Administrator shall determine, consistent with the
Plan.

 

(f)           	“
Beneficial Owner”

(or any variant thereof) has the meaning defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.

 

(g)          	“
Board
” means the Board
of Directors of the Company.

 

(h)	          “
Bylaws
” mean the bylaws
of the Company, as may be amended and/or restated from time to time.

 

(i)           	“
Cause
” has the meaning
assigned to such term in any individual service, employment or severance agreement or Award Agreement with the Participant or,
if no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define “Cause,” then “Cause” means (i) the Participant’s
conviction of, admission of guilt to or plea of nolo contendere or similar plea (which, through lapse of time or otherwise, is
not subject to appeal) with respect to any crime or offense that constitutes a felony in the jurisdiction involved, (ii) acts of
dishonesty or moral turpitude which are materially detrimental to the Company and/or its Affiliates, (iii) failure by the Participant
to obey the reasonable and lawful orders of the Board following written notice of such failure from the Board, (iv) any breach
by the Participant of any restrictive covenants to which the Participant is subject, (v) following written notice from the Board
of prior similar actions by Participant, excessive absenteeism (other than by reason of disability), (vi) following written notice
from the Board of prior similar actions by Participant, excessive alcoholism or addiction to drugs not prescribed by a qualified
physician, or (vii) gross negligence by the Participant in the performance of, or willful disregard by the Participant of, the
Participant’s duties and obligations hereunder. Any voluntary termination of employment or service by the Participant in
anticipation of an involuntary termination of the Participant’s employment or service, as applicable, for Cause shall be
deemed to be a termination for Cause.

 

A-
1
 

 

 

(j)            	“
Change in Capitalization
”
means any (i) merger, consolidation, reclassification, recapitalization, spin-off, spin-out, repurchase or other reorganization
or corporate transaction or event, (ii) special or extraordinary dividend or other extraordinary distribution (whether in
the form of cash, Common Stock or other property), stock split, reverse stock split, share subdivision or consolidation, (iii) combination
or exchange of shares or (iv) other change in corporate structure, which, in any such case, the Administrator determines,
in its sole discretion, affects the Shares such that an adjustment pursuant to Section 5 hereof is appropriate.

 

(k)           	“
Change in Control
”
means the first occurrence of an event set forth in any one of the following paragraphs following the Effective Date:

 

(1)            	any Person is or becomes the Beneficial
Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person
which were acquired directly from the Company or any Affiliate thereof) representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined
voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection
with a transaction described in clause (i) of paragraph (3) below; or

 

(2)             	the date on which individuals who constitute
the Board as of the Effective Date and any new director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is in connection
with an actual or threatened election contest, including, but not limited to, a consent solicitation, relating to the election
of directors of the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company’s stockholders
was approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors
on the Effective Date or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended cease
for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors serving on the Board; or

 

(3)            	there is consummated a merger or consolidation
of the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiary with any other corporation or other entity, other than (i) a merger or
consolidation (A) which results in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or
any parent thereof), in combination with the ownership of any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit
plan of the Company or any Subsidiary, fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the securities of the Company
or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and (B) following
which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of directors
of the Company, the entity surviving such merger or consolidation or, if the Company or the entity surviving such merger or consolidation
is then a Subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization
of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities
of the Company (not including in the securities Beneficially Owned by such Person any securities acquired directly from the Company
or its Affiliates) representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding
securities; or

 

(4)            	the stockholders of the Company approve
a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by
the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, other than (A) a sale or disposition by the Company
of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets to an entity, more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power
of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company following the completion of such transaction in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale or (B) a sale or disposition of all
or substantially all of the Company’s assets immediately following which the individuals who comprise the Board immediately
prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the entity to which such assets are sold or disposed
or, if such entity is a subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof.

 

A-
2
 

 

 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) a Change in Control shall
not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately
following which the holders of Common Stock immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially
the same proportionate ownership in an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately following
such transaction or series of transactions and (ii) to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties
under Section 409A of the Code, a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred under the Plan with respect to any Award that
constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code only if a change in the ownership or effective control of the
Company or a change in ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company shall also be deemed to have occurred under
Section 409A of the Code. For purposes of this definition of Change in Control, the term “Person” shall not include
(i) the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (ii) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit
plan of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering
of such securities, or (iv) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company.

 

(l)           	“
Code
” means the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any successor thereto.

 

(m)          	“
Committee
” means any
committee or subcommittee the Board (including, but not limited to the Compensation Committee) may appoint to administer the Plan.
Subject to the discretion of the Board, the Committee shall be composed entirely of individuals who meet the qualifications of
a “non-employee director” within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and any other qualifications required
by the applicable stock exchange on which the Common Stock is traded.

 

(n)           	“
Common Stock
” means
the Class A common stock of the Company, par value $0.001.

 

(o)	          “
Company
” means Netcapital
Inc., a Utah corporation (or any successor company, except as the term “Company” is used in the definition of “Change
in Control” above).

 

(p)          	
“
Covered
Executive
” means any Executive Officer that has (1) received Incentive Compensation (A) during the Look-Back
Period (as defined in Section 27) and (B) after beginning service as an Executive Officer; and (2) served as an Executive
Officer at any time during the performance period for the applicable Incentive Compensation.

 

(q)          	“
Disability
” has the
meaning assigned to such term in any individual service, employment or severance agreement or Award Agreement with the Participant
or, if no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define “Disability,” then “Disability” means
(x) for Awards that are not subject to Section 409A of the Code, “disability” as such term is defined in the long-
term disability insurance plan or program of the Company or any Subsidiary then covering the Participant or, in the absence of
such a plan or program, as determined by the Administrator, provided, that, with respect to Awards that are not subject to Section
409A, in the case of any Participant who, as of the date of determination, is a party to an effective employment, severance, consulting
or other services agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary that employs such Participant, “Disability” shall have
the meaning, if any, specified in such agreement, and (y) for Awards that are subject to Section 409A of the Code, “disability”
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 409A(a)(2)(c) of the Code.

 

(r)           	“
Effective Date
” has
the meaning set forth in Section 17 hereof.

 

A-
3
 

 

 

(s)           	“
Eligible Recipient
”
means an employee, director or independent contractor of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company who has been selected as an
eligible participant by the Administrator; 
provided
, 
however
, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation
and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, an Eligible Recipient of an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right means an
employee, non-employee director or independent contractor of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company with respect to whom the
Company is an “eligible issuer of service recipient stock” within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.

 

(t)           	“
Exchange Act
” means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

 

(u)          	“
Executive Officer
”
means any “executive officer” as defined in Section 10D-1(d) of the Exchange Act whom the Board (or the Committee,
as applicable) has determined is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act, and includes any Person
who is the Company’s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting
officer, the controller), any vice-president in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration,
or finance), any other officer who performs a policy-making function, or any other Person who performs similar policy-making functions
for the Company (with any executive officers of the Company’s parent(s) or subsidiaries being deemed Executive Officers of
the Company if they perform such policy making functions for the Company). All Executive Officers of the Company identified by
the Board (or the Committee, as applicable) pursuant to 17 CFR 229.401(b) shall be deemed an “Executive Officer”.

 

(v)	          “
Exempt Award
” shall
mean the following:

 

(1)            	An Award granted in assumption of, or
in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted by a corporation or other entity acquired by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or with which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries combines by merger or otherwise. The terms and conditions of
any such Awards may vary from the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan to the extent the Administrator at the time of grant
may deem appropriate, subject to Applicable Laws.

 

(2)            	An award that an Eligible Recipient purchases
at Fair Market Value (including awards that an Eligible Recipient elects to receive in lieu of fully vested compensation that is
otherwise due) whether or not the Shares are delivered immediately or on a deferred basis.

 

(3)            	An award granted as an inducement grant
pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) or under the rules of an exchange on which the Common Stock is traded, to the extent it
is not traded on NASDAQ.

 

(w)         	“
Exercise Price
” means,
(i) with respect to any Option, the per share price at which a holder of such Option may purchase Shares issuable upon exercise
of such Award, and (ii) with respect to a Stock Appreciation Right, the base price per share of such Stock Appreciation Right.

 

(x)           	“
Fair Market Value
”
of a share of Common Stock or another security as of a particular date shall mean the fair market value as determined by the Administrator
in its sole discretion; provided, that, (i) if the Common Stock or other security is admitted to trading on a national securities
exchange, the fair market value on any date shall be the closing sale price reported on such date, or if no shares were traded
on such date, on the last preceding date for which there was a sale of a share of Common Stock on such exchange, or (ii) if
the Common Stock or other security is then traded in an over-the-counter market, the fair market value on any date shall be the
average of the closing bid and asked prices for such share in such over-the-counter market for the last preceding date on which
there was a sale of such share in such market.

 

(y)          	“
Free Standing Rights
”
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

 

(z)	           “
Good Reason
” has the
meaning assigned to such term in any individual service, employment or severance agreement or Award Agreement with the Participant
or, if no such agreement exists or if such agreement does not define “Good Reason,” “Good Reason” and any
provision of this Plan that refers to “Good Reason” shall not be applicable to such Participant.

 

A-
4
 

 

 

(aa)         	“
Incentive Compensation
”
shall be deemed to be any compensation (including any Award or any other short-term or long-term cash or equity incentive award
or any other payment) that is granted, earned, or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of any financial reporting
measure (i.e., any measures that are determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the
Company’s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measures, including stock price
and total shareholder return). For avoidance of doubt, financial reporting measures include “non-GAAP financial measures”
for purposes of Exchange Act Regulation G and 17 CFR 229.10, as well other measures, metrics and ratios that are not non-GAAP measures,
like same store sales. Financial reporting measures may or may not be included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and may be presented outside the Company’s financial statements, such as in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Conditions and Results of Operations or the performance graph.

 

(bb)        	“
ISO
” means an Option
intended to be and designated as an “incentive stock option” within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

 

(cc)         	“
Nonqualified Stock Option
”
shall mean an Option that is not designated as an ISO.

 

(dd)        	“
Option
” means an
option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to Section 7 hereof. The term “Option” as used in the Plan
includes the terms “Nonqualified Stock Option” and “ISO.”

 

(ee)         	“
Other Stock-Based Award
”
means a right or other interest granted pursuant to Section 10 hereof that may be denominated or payable in, valued in whole or
in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to, Common Stock, including, but not limited to, unrestricted Shares,
dividend equivalents or performance units, each of which may be subject to the attainment of performance goals or a period of continued
provision of service or employment or other terms or conditions as permitted under the Plan.

 

(ff)          	“
Participant
” means
any Eligible Recipient selected by the Administrator, pursuant to the Administrator’s authority provided for in Section 3
below, to receive grants of Awards, and, upon his or her death, his or her successors, heirs, executors and administrators, as
the case may be.

 

(gg)        	“
Person
” shall have
the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act, as modified and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof.

 

(hh)        	“
Plan
” means this
2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan.

 

(ii)	          
“
Related Rights
” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.

 

(jj)           	“
Restricted Period
”
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.

 

(kk)         	“
Restricted Stock
”
means a Share granted pursuant to Section 9 below subject to certain restrictions that lapse at the end of a specified period (or
periods) of time and/or upon attainment of specified performance objectives.

 

(ll)           	“
Restricted Stock Unit
”
means the right granted pursuant to Section 9 hereof to receive a Share at the end of a specified restricted period (or periods)
of time and/or upon attainment of specified performance objectives.

 

(mm)       	“
Rule 16b-3
” has the
meaning set forth in Section 3.

 

A-
5
 

 

 

(nn)        	“
Shares
” means Common
Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan, as adjusted pursuant to the Plan, and any successor (pursuant to a merger, consolidation
or other reorganization) security.

 

(oo)        	“
Stock Appreciation Right
”
means a right granted pursuant to Section 8 hereof to receive an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the aggregate
Fair Market Value, as of the date such Award or portion thereof is surrendered, of the Shares covered by such Award or such portion
thereof, over (ii) the aggregate Exercise Price of such Award or such portion thereof.

 

(pp)	        “
Subsidiary
” means,
with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, any other Person as to which such first Person owns or otherwise controls,
directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the voting shares or other similar interests or a sole general partner interest or managing
member or similar interest of such other Person.

 

(qq)        	“
Transfer
” has the
meaning set forth in Section 15.

 

Section
3.              	
Administration.

 

(a)           	The Plan shall be administered by the
Administrator and shall be administered, to the extent applicable, in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act (“
Rule
16b-3
”).

 

(b)           	Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the
Administrator, subject, in the case of any Committee, to any restrictions on the authority delegated to it by the Board, shall
have the power and authority, without limitation:

 

(1)            	to select those Eligible Recipients who
shall be Participants;

 

(2)            	to determine whether and to what extent
Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Other Stock-Based Awards or a combination of any
of the foregoing, are to be granted hereunder to Participants;

 

(3)            	to determine the number of Shares to
be covered by each Award granted hereunder;

 

(4)            	to determine the terms and conditions,
not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of each Award granted hereunder (including, but not limited to, (i) the restrictions
applicable to Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units and the conditions under which restrictions applicable to such Restricted
Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall lapse, (ii) the performance goals and periods applicable to Awards, (iii) the Exercise
Price of each Option and each Stock Appreciation Right or the purchase price of any other Award, (iv) the vesting schedule
and terms applicable to each Award, (v) the number of Shares or amount of cash or other property subject to each Award and
(vi) subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (to the extent applicable) any amendments to the terms and conditions
of outstanding Awards, including, but not limited to, extending the exercise period of such Awards and accelerating the payment
schedules of such Awards and/or, to the extent specifically permitted under the Plan, accelerating the vesting schedules of such
Awards);

 

(5)            	to determine the terms and conditions,
not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, which shall govern all written instruments evidencing Awards;

 

(6)            	to determine the Fair Market Value in
accordance with the terms of the Plan;

 

(7)            	to determine the duration and purpose
of leaves of absence which may be granted to a Participant without constituting termination of the Participant’s service
or employment for purposes of Awards granted under the Plan;

 

A-
6
 

 

 

(8)            	to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative
rules, regulations, guidelines and practices governing the Plan as it shall from time to time deem advisable;

 

(9)            	to construe and interpret the terms and
provisions of, and supply or correct omissions in, the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and any Award Agreement relating
thereto), and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan and to exercise all powers and authorities either specifically
granted under the Plan or necessary and advisable in the administration of the Plan; and

 

(10)          	to prescribe, amend and rescind rules
and regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable non-United States laws or for qualifying
for favorable tax treatment under applicable non-United States laws, which rules and regulations may be set forth in an appendix
or appendixes to the Plan.

 

(c)           	Subject to Section 5, neither the Board
nor the Committee shall have the authority to reprice or cancel and regrant any Award at a lower exercise, base or purchase price
or cancel any Award with an exercise, base or purchase price in exchange for cash, property or other Awards without first obtaining
the approval of the Company’s stockholders.

 

(d)          	All decisions made by the Administrator
pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all Persons, including the Company and the Participants.

 

(e)           	The expenses of administering the Plan
(which for avoidance of doubt does not include the costs of any Participant) shall be borne by the Company and its Affiliates.

 

(f)            	If at any time or to any extent the Board
shall not administer the Plan, then the functions of the Administrator specified in the Plan shall be exercised by the Committee.
Except as otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, any action of the Committee with respect
to the administration of the Plan shall be taken by a majority vote at a meeting at which a quorum is duly constituted or unanimous
written consent of the Committee’s members.

 

Section
4.	
              Shares Reserved for Issuance Under the Plan.

 

(a)           	Subject to Section 5 hereof, the number
of shares of Common Stock that are reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan shall be equal
to the sum of (i) 2,000,000 shares, plus (ii) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning with
May 1, 2024 and ending with the last May 1 during the initial ten-year term of the Plan, equal to the lesser of (A) five percent (5%)
of the shares of Common Stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis, which shall include shares issuable upon the exercise or conversion
of all outstanding securities or rights convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, including without limitation,
preferred stock, warrants and employee options to purchase any shares of Common Stock) on the final day of the immediately preceding
calendar year and (B) such lesser number of shares of Common Stock as determined by the Board; 
provided
, 
that
, shares
of Common Stock issued under the Plan with respect to an Exempt Award shall not count against such share limit.

 

(b)          	Shares issued under the Plan may, in whole
or in part, be authorized but unissued Shares or Shares that shall have been or may be reacquired by the Company in the open market,
in private transactions or otherwise. If an Award entitles the Participant to receive or purchase Shares, the number of Shares
covered by such Award or to which such Award relates shall be counted on the date of grant of such Award against the aggregate
number of Shares available for granting Awards under the Plan. If any Shares subject to an Award are forfeited, cancelled, exchanged
or surrendered or if an Award otherwise terminates or expires without a distribution of Shares to the Participant, the Shares with
respect to such Award shall, to the extent of any such forfeiture, cancellation, exchange, surrender,

 

A-
7
 

 

 

termination or expiration,
again be available for granting Awards under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) any Shares reacquired by the Company
on the open market or otherwise using cash proceeds from the exercise of Options; and (ii) Shares surrendered or withheld
as payment of either the Exercise Price of an Award (including Shares otherwise underlying a Stock Appreciation Right that are
retained by the Company to account for the Exercise Price of such Stock Appreciation Right) and/or withholding taxes in respect
of an Award shall no longer be available for grant under the Plan. In addition, (i) to the extent an Award is denominated
in shares of Common Stock, but paid or settled in cash, the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which such payment
or settlement is made shall again be available for grants of Awards pursuant to the Plan and (ii) shares of Common Stock underlying
Awards that can only be settled in cash shall not be counted against the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for
Awards under the Plan. Upon the exercise of any Award granted in tandem with any other Awards, such related Awards shall be cancelled
to the extent of the number of Shares as to which the Award is exercised and, notwithstanding the foregoing, such number of Shares
shall no longer be available for grant under the Plan.

 

(c)           	No more than 2,000,000 Shares, and as
increased on an annual basis, on the first day of each calendar year beginning with May 1, 2024 and ending with the last May 1
during the initial ten-year term of the Plan, by the lesser of (A) five percent (5%) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding
(on an as-converted basis, which shall include shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all outstanding
securities or rights convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, including without limitation, preferred stock,
warrants and employee options to purchase any shares of Common Stock) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year;
(B) 300,000 shares of Common Stock, and (C) such lesser number of shares of Common Stock as determined by the Board,
shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs.

 

Section
5.              	
Equitable Adjustments.

 

In the event of any Change in Capitalization,
an equitable substitution or proportionate adjustment shall be made in (i) the aggregate number and kind of securities reserved
for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Section 4, (ii) the kind, number of securities subject to, and the Exercise Price
subject to outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan, (iii) the kind, number and purchase price
of Shares or other securities or the amount of cash or amount or type of other property subject to outstanding Restricted Stock,
Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock-Based Awards granted under the Plan; and/or (iv) the terms and conditions of any outstanding
Awards (including, without limitation, any applicable performance targets or criteria with respect thereto); 
provided
, 
however
,
that any fractional shares resulting from the adjustment shall be eliminated. Such other equitable substitutions or adjustments
shall be made as may be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
in connection with a Change in Capitalization, the Administrator may provide, in its sole discretion, but subject in all events
to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, for the cancellation of any outstanding Award granted hereunder in exchange for
payment in cash or other property having an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares, cash or other
property covered by such Award, reduced by the aggregate Exercise Price or purchase price thereof, if any; 
provided
, 
however
,
that if the Exercise Price or purchase price of any outstanding Award is equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the
shares of Common Stock, cash or other property covered by such Award, the Administrator may cancel such Award without the payment
of any consideration to the Participant. Further, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, with respect to Awards subject
to foreign laws, adjustments made hereunder shall be made in compliance with applicable requirements. Except to the extent determined
by the Administrator, any adjustments to ISOs under this Section 5 shall be made only to the extent not constituting a “modification”
within the meaning of Section 424(h)(3) of the Code. The Administrator’s determinations pursuant to this Section 5 shall
be final, binding and conclusive.

 

Section
6.               	
Eligibility.

 

The Participants in the Plan shall be selected
from time to time by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, from those individuals that qualify as Eligible Recipients.

 

Section
7.              	
Options.

 

(a)           	
General
. Options granted under
the Plan shall be designated as Nonqualified Stock Options or ISOs. Each Participant who is granted an Option shall enter into
an Award Agreement with the Company, containing such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion,
including, among other things, the Exercise Price of the Option, the term of the Option and provisions regarding exercisability
of the Option, and whether the Option is intended to be an ISO or a Nonqualified Stock Option (and in the event the Award Agreement
has no such designation, the Option shall be a Nonqualified Stock Option). The provisions of each Option need not be the same with
respect to each Participant. More than one Option may be granted to the same Participant and be outstanding concurrently hereunder.
Options granted under the Plan shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 7 and shall contain such
additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable and set
forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

 

A-
8
 

 

 

(b)           	
Exercise Price
. The Exercise Price
of Shares purchasable under an Option shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion at the time of grant, but
in no event shall the exercise price of an Option be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of
Common Stock on the date of grant.

 

(c)           	
Option Term
. The maximum term of
each Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Option shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years after the date such
Option is granted. Each Option’s term is subject to earlier expiration pursuant to the applicable provisions in the Plan
and the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 3(d) of the Plan, the Administrator shall have the authority
to accelerate the exercisability of any outstanding Option at such time and under such circumstances as the Administrator, in its
sole discretion, deems appropriate.

 

(d)           	
Exercisability
. Each Option shall
be subject to vesting or become exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions, including the attainment
of performance goals, as shall be determined by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement. The Administrator may also
provide that any Option shall be exercisable only in installments, and the Administrator may waive such installment exercise provisions
at any time, in whole or in part, based on such factors as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion.

 

(e)           	
Method of Exercise
. Options may
be exercised in whole or in part by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of whole Shares to be
purchased, accompanied by payment in full of the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares so purchased in cash or its equivalent,
as determined by the Administrator. As determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, with respect to any Option or category
of Options, payment in whole or in part may also be made (i) by means of consideration received under any cashless exercise
procedure approved by the Administrator (including the withholding of Shares otherwise issuable upon exercise), (ii) in the
form of unrestricted Shares already owned by the Participant which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the
aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option shall be exercised, (iii) any other form of consideration approved
by the Administrator and permitted by Applicable Laws or (iv) any combination of the foregoing.

 

(f)           	
ISOs
. The terms and conditions
of ISOs granted hereunder shall be subject to the provisions of Section 422 of the Code and the terms, conditions, limitations
and administrative procedures established by the Administrator from time to time in accordance with the Plan. At the discretion
of the Administrator, ISOs may be granted only to an employee of the Company, its “parent corporation” (as such term
is defined in Section 424(e) of the Code) or a Subsidiary of the Company.

 

(1)            	
ISO Grants to 10% Stockholders
.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if an ISO is granted to a Participant who owns shares representing more than
ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of shares of the Company at the time of grant, its “parent corporation”
(as such term is defined in Section 424(e) of the Code) or a Subsidiary of the Company, the term of the ISO shall not exceed five
(5) years from the time of grant of such ISO and the Exercise Price shall be at least one hundred and ten percent (110%) of the
Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date of grant.

 

(2)            	
$100,000 Per Year Limitation For ISOs
.
To the extent the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined on the date of grant) of the Shares for which ISOs are exercisable for
the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company) exceeds $100,000, such excess ISOs
shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options.

 

A-
9
 

 

 

(3)	            
Disqualifying Dispositions
. Each
Participant awarded an ISO under the Plan shall notify the Company in writing immediately after the date the Participant makes
a “disqualifying disposition” of any Share acquired pursuant to the exercise of such ISO. A “disqualifying disposition”
is any disposition (including any sale) of such Shares before the later of (i) two years after the date of grant of the ISO
and (ii) one year after the date the Participant acquired the Shares by exercising the ISO. The Company may, if determined
by the Administrator and in accordance with procedures established by it, retain possession of any Shares acquired pursuant to
the exercise of an ISO as agent for the applicable Participant until the end of the period described in the preceding sentence,
subject to complying with any instructions from such Participant as to the sale of such Shares.

 

(g)           	
Rights as Stockholder
. A Participant
shall have no rights to dividends, dividend equivalents or distributions or any other rights of a stockholder with respect to the
Shares subject to an Option until the Participant has given written notice of the exercise thereof, and has paid in full for such
Shares and has satisfied the requirements of Section 15 hereof.

 

(h)          	
Termination of Employment or Service
.
Treatment of an Option upon termination of employment of a Participant shall be provided for by the Administrator in the Award
Agreement.

 

(i)            	
Other Change in Employment or Service
Status
. An Option shall be affected, both with regard to vesting schedule and termination, by leaves of absence, including
unpaid and un-protected leaves of absence, changes from full-time to part-time employment, partial Disability or other changes
in the employment status or service status of a Participant, in the discretion of the Administrator.

 

Section
8.              	
Stock Appreciation Rights.

 

(a)           	
General
. Stock Appreciation Rights
may be granted either alone (“
Free Standing Rights
”) or in conjunction with all or part of any Option granted
under the Plan (“
Related Rights
”). Related Rights may be granted either at or after the time of the grant of
such Option. The Administrator shall determine the Eligible Recipients to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of Stock
Appreciation Rights shall be made. Each Participant who is granted a Stock Appreciation Right shall enter into an Award Agreement
with the Company, containing such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, including,
among other things, the number of Shares to be awarded, the Exercise Price per Share, and all other conditions of Stock Appreciation
Rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Related Right may be granted for more Shares than are subject to the Option to which
it relates. The provisions of Stock Appreciation Rights need not be the same with respect to each Participant. Stock Appreciation
Rights granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions set forth in this Section 8 and shall contain
such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable, as
set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

 

(b)          	
Awards; Rights as Stockholder
.
A Participant shall have no rights to dividends or any other rights of a stockholder with respect to the shares of Common Stock,
if any, subject to a Stock Appreciation Right until the Participant has given written notice of the exercise thereof and has satisfied
the requirements of Section 15 hereof.

 

(c)           	
Exercise Price
. The Exercise Price
of Shares purchasable under a Stock Appreciation Right shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion at the time
of grant, but in no event shall the exercise price of a Stock Appreciation Right be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the
Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant.

 

(d)           	
Exercisability
.

 

(1)            	Stock Appreciation Rights that are Free
Standing Rights shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the
Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement.

 

A-
10
 

 

 

(2)            	Stock Appreciation Rights that are Related
Rights shall be exercisable only at such time or times and to the extent that the Options to which they relate shall be exercisable
in accordance with the provisions of Section 7 hereof and this Section 8 of the Plan.

 

(e)           	
Payment Upon Exercise
.

 

(1)	            Upon the exercise of a Free Standing
Right, the Participant shall be entitled to receive up to, but not more than, that number of Shares equal in value to the excess
of the Fair Market Value as of the date of exercise over the Exercise Price per share specified in the Free Standing Right multiplied
by the number of Shares in respect of which the Free Standing Right is being exercised.

 

(2)            	A Related Right may be exercised by a
Participant by surrendering the applicable portion of the related Option. Upon such exercise and surrender, the Participant shall
be entitled to receive up to, but not more than, that number of Shares equal in value to the excess of the Fair Market Value as
of the date of exercise over the Exercise Price specified in the related Option multiplied by the number of Shares in respect of
which the Related Right is being exercised. Options which have been so surrendered, in whole or in part, shall no longer be exercisable
to the extent the Related Rights have been so exercised.

 

(3)            	Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator
may determine to settle the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right in cash (or in any combination of Shares and cash).

 

(f)            	
Termination of Employment or Service
.
Treatment of a Stock Appreciation Right upon termination of employment of a Participant shall be provided for by the Administrator
in the Award Agreement.

 

(g)           	
Term
.

 

(1)            	The term of each Free Standing Right
shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Free Standing Right shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years after the date such
right is granted.

 

(2)            	The term of each Related Right shall
be the term of the Option to which it relates, but no Related Right shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years after the date
such right is granted.

 

(h)           	
Other Change in Employment or Service
Status
. Stock Appreciation Rights shall be affected, both with regard to vesting schedule and termination, by leaves of absence,
including unpaid and un-protected leaves of absence, changes from full-time to part-time employment, partial Disability or other
changes in the employment or service status of a Participant, in the discretion of the Administrator.

 

Section
9.              	
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units.

 

(a)           	
General
. Restricted Stock or Restricted
Stock Units may be issued under the Plan. The Administrator shall determine the Eligible Recipients to whom, and the time or times
at which, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be made. Each Participant who is granted Restricted Stock or Restricted
Stock Units shall enter into an Award Agreement with the Company, containing such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall
determine, in its sole discretion, including, among other things, the number of Shares to be awarded; the price, if any, to be
paid by the Participant for the acquisition of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units; the period of time restrictions, performance
goals or other conditions that apply to Transferability, delivery or vesting of such Awards (the “
Restricted Period
”);
and all other conditions applicable to the Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. If the restrictions, performance goals
or conditions established by the Administrator are not attained, a Participant shall forfeit his or her Restricted Stock or Restricted
Stock Units, in accordance with the terms of the grant. The provisions of the Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units need not
be the same with respect to each Participant.

 

A-
11
 

 

 

(b)           	
Awards and Certificates
. Except
as otherwise provided below in Section 9(c), (i) each Participant who is granted an Award of Restricted Stock may, in the
Company’s sole discretion, be issued a share certificate in respect of such Restricted Stock; and (ii) any such certificate
so issued shall be registered in the name of the Participant, and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions
and restrictions applicable to any such Award. The Company may require that the share certificates, if any, evidencing Restricted
Stock granted hereunder be held in the custody of the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that, as a
condition of any Award of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have delivered a share transfer form, endorsed in blank, relating
to the Shares covered by such Award. Certificates for shares of unrestricted Common Stock may, in the Company’s sole discretion,
be delivered to the Participant only after the Restricted Period has expired without forfeiture in such Restricted Stock Award.
With respect to Restricted Stock Units to be settled in Shares, at the expiration of the Restricted Period, share certificates
in respect of the shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock Units may, in the Company’s sole discretion, be
delivered to the Participant, or his or her legal representative, in a number equal to the number of shares of Common Stock underlying
the Restricted Stock Units Award. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, any Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
Units to be settled in Shares (at the expiration of the Restricted Period, and whether before or after any vesting conditions have
been satisfied) may, in the Company’s sole discretion, be issued in uncertificated form. Further, notwithstanding anything
in the Plan to the contrary, with respect to Restricted Stock Units, at the expiration of the Restricted Period, Shares, or cash,
as applicable, shall promptly be issued (either in certificated or uncertificated form) to the Participant, unless otherwise deferred
in accordance with procedures established by the Company in accordance with Section 409A of the Code, and such issuance or payment
shall in any event be made within such period as is required to avoid the imposition of a tax under Section 409A of the Code.

 

(c)           	
Restrictions and Conditions
. The
Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Section 9 shall be subject to the following restrictions and
conditions and any additional restrictions or conditions as determined by the Administrator at the time of grant or, subject to
Section 409A of the Code where applicable, thereafter:

 

(1)            	The Administrator may, in its sole discretion,
provide for the lapse of restrictions in installments and may accelerate or waive such restrictions in whole or in part based on
such factors and such circumstances as the Administrator may determine, in its sole discretion, including, but not limited to,
the attainment of certain performance goals, the Participant’s termination of employment or service with the Company or any
Affiliate thereof, or the Participant’s death or Disability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon a Change in Control, the
outstanding Awards shall be subject to Section 11 hereof.

 

(2)            	Except as provided in the applicable
Award Agreement, the Participant shall generally have the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to Restricted Stock
during the Restricted Period; 
provided
, 
however
, that dividends declared during the Restricted Period with respect
to an Award, shall only become payable if (and to the extent) the underlying Restricted Stock vests. Except as provided in the
applicable Award Agreement, the Participant shall generally not have the rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject
to Restricted Stock Units during the Restricted Period; 
provided
, 
however
, that, subject to Section 409A of the Code,
an amount equal to dividends declared during the Restricted Period with respect to the number of Shares covered by Restricted Stock
Units shall, unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement, be paid to the Participant at the time (and to the extent) Shares
in respect of the related Restricted Stock Units are delivered to the Participant. Certificates for Shares of unrestricted Common
Stock may, in the Company’s sole discretion, be delivered to the Participant only after the Restricted Period has expired
without forfeiture in respect of such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, except as the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
shall otherwise determine.

 

(3)             	The rights of Participants granted Restricted
Stock or Restricted Stock Units upon termination of employment or service as a director or independent contractor to the Company
or to any Affiliate thereof terminates for any reason during the Restricted Period shall be set forth in the Award Agreement.

 

A-
12
 

 

 

(d)          
	
Form of Settlement
. The Administrator reserves the right in its sole discretion to provide (either at or after the
grant thereof) that any Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive the amount of cash per unit that is determined
by the Administrator in connection with the Award.

 

Section
10.	            
Other Stock-Based Awards.

 

Other Stock-Based Awards may be issued under
the Plan. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall have sole and complete authority to determine the individuals
to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock-Based Awards shall be granted. Each Participant who is granted an Other
Stock-Based Award shall enter into an Award Agreement with the Company, containing such terms and conditions as the Administrator
shall determine, in its sole discretion, including, among other things, the number of shares of Common Stock to be granted pursuant
to such Other Stock-Based Awards, or the manner in which such Other Stock-Based Awards shall be settled (e.g., in shares of Common
Stock, cash or other property), or the conditions to the vesting and/or payment or settlement of such Other Stock-Based Awards
(which may include, but not be limited to, achievement of performance criteria) and all other terms and conditions of such Other
Stock-Based Awards. In the event that the Administrator grants a bonus in the form of Shares, the Shares constituting such bonus
shall, as determined by the Administrator, be evidenced in uncertificated form or by a book entry record or a certificate issued
in the name of the Participant to whom such grant was made and delivered to such Participant as soon as practicable after the date
on which such bonus is payable. Notwithstanding anything set forth in the Plan to the contrary, any dividend or dividend equivalent
Award issued hereunder shall be subject to the same restrictions, conditions and risks of forfeiture as apply to the underlying
Award.

 

Section
11.            	
Change in Control.

 

Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator
and evidenced in an Award Agreement, in the event that (a) a Change in Control occurs, and (b) the Participant is employed
by the Company or any of its Affiliates immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in Control then upon the consummation
of such Change in Control, the Administrator, in its sole and absolute discretion, may:

 

(a)           	provide that any unvested or unexercisable
portion of any Award carrying a right to exercise become fully vested and exercisable; and

 

(b)          	cause the restrictions, deferral limitations,
payment conditions and forfeiture conditions applicable to an Award granted under the Plan to lapse and such Awards shall be deemed
fully vested and any performance conditions imposed with respect to such Awards shall be deemed to be fully achieved at target
performance levels.

 

If the Administrator determines in its discretion
pursuant to Section 3(b)(4) hereof to accelerate the vesting of Options and/or Share Appreciation Rights in connection with a Change
in Control, the Administrator shall also have discretion in connection with such action to provide that all Options and/or Stock
Appreciation Rights outstanding immediately prior to such Change in Control shall expire on the effective date of such Change in
Control.

 

Section
12.	            
Amendment and Termination.

 

The Board may amend, alter or terminate the Plan
at any time, but no amendment, alteration or termination shall be made that would impair the rights of a Participant under any
Award theretofore granted without such Participant’s consent. The Board shall obtain approval of the Company’s stockholders
for any amendment that would require such approval in order to satisfy the requirements of any rules of the stock exchange on which
the Common Stock is traded or other Applicable Law. Subject to Section 3(c), the Administrator may amend the terms of any Award
theretofore granted, prospectively or retroactively, but, subject to Section 5 of the Plan and the immediately preceding sentence,
no such amendment shall materially impair the rights of any Participant without his or her consent.

 

A-
13
 

 

 

Section
13.	            
Unfunded Status of Plan.

 

The Plan is intended to constitute an “unfunded”
plan for incentive compensation. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant by the Company, nothing contained herein
shall give any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company.

 

Section
14.	            
Withholding Taxes.

 

Each Participant shall, no later than the date
as of which the value of an Award first becomes includible in the gross income of such Participant for purposes of applicable taxes,
pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator regarding payment of an amount up to the maximum statutory
tax rates in the Participant’s applicable jurisdiction with respect to the Award, as determined by the Company. The obligations
of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on the making of such payments or arrangements, and the Company shall, to the
extent permitted by Applicable Laws, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to such
Participant. Whenever cash is to be paid pursuant to an Award, the Company shall have the right to deduct therefrom an amount sufficient
to satisfy any applicable withholding tax requirements related thereto. Whenever Shares or property other than cash are to be delivered
pursuant to an Award, the Company shall have the right to require the Participant to remit to the Company in cash an amount sufficient
to satisfy any related taxes to be withheld and applied to the tax obligations; 
provided
, 
that
, with the approval
of the Administrator, a Participant may satisfy the foregoing requirement by either (i) electing to have the Company withhold
from delivery of Shares or other property, as applicable, or (ii) delivering already owned unrestricted shares of Common Stock,
in each case, having a value not exceeding the applicable taxes to be withheld and applied to the tax obligations. Such already
owned and unrestricted shares of Common Stock shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date on which the amount of tax
to be withheld is determined and any fractional share amounts resulting therefrom shall be settled in cash. Such an election may
be made with respect to all or any portion of the Shares to be delivered pursuant to an award. The Company may also use any other
method of obtaining the necessary payment or proceeds, as permitted by Applicable Laws, to satisfy its withholding obligation with
respect to any Award.

 

Section
15.            	
Transfer of Awards.

 

Until such time as the Awards are fully vested
and/or exercisable in accordance with the Plan or an Award Agreement, no purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer,
charge, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest
in or lien on, any Award or any agreement or commitment to do any of the foregoing (each, a “
Transfer
”) by any
holder thereof in violation of the provisions of the Plan or an Award Agreement will be valid, except with the prior written consent
of the Administrator, which consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the Administrator. Any purported Transfer
of an Award or any economic benefit or interest therein in violation of the Plan or an Award Agreement shall be null and void 
ab
initio
 and shall not create any obligation or liability of the Company, and any Person purportedly acquiring any Award or any
economic benefit or interest therein transferred in violation of the Plan or an Award Agreement shall not be entitled to be recognized
as a holder of such Shares or other property underlying such Award. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in accordance
with the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence, an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised, during the
lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant or, during any period during which the Participant is under a legal Disability,
by the Participant’s guardian or legal representative.

 

Section
16.	            
Continued Employment or Service.

 

Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the grant
of an Award shall confer upon any Eligible Recipient any right to continued employment or service with the Company or any Affiliate
thereof, as the case may be, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Affiliate thereof to terminate
the employment or service of any of its Eligible Recipients at any time.

 

A-
14
 

 

 

Section
17.	            
Effective Date.

 

The Plan was approved by the Board on January
3, 2023 and shall be adopted and become effective on the date that it is approved by the Company’s stockholders (the “
Effective
Date
”).

 

Section
18.            	
Electronic Signature.

 

Participant’s electronic signature of an
Award Agreement shall have the same validity and effect as a signature affixed by hand.

 

Section
19.	             
Term of Plan.

 

No Award shall be granted pursuant to the Plan
on or after the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date, but Awards theretofore granted may extend beyond that date.

 

Section
20.	
            Securities Matters and Regulations.

 

(a)           	Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the obligation of the Company to sell or deliver Shares with respect to any Award granted
under the Plan shall be subject to all Applicable Laws, rules and regulations, including all applicable federal and state
securities laws, and the obtaining of all such approvals by governme ntal agencies as may be deemed necessary or appropriate
by the Administrator. The Administrator may require, as a condition of the issuance and delivery of certificates evidencing
shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms hereof, that the recipient of such shares make such agreements and
representations, and that such certificates bear such legends, as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems necessary
or advisable.

 

(b)           	Each Award is subject to the requirement
that, if at any time the Administrator determines that the listing, registration or qualification of Shares is required by any
securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body is necessary
or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the grant of an Award or the issuance of Shares, no such Award shall be
granted or payment made or Shares issued, in whole or in part, unless listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval
has been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Administrator.

 

(c)           	In the event that the disposition of Shares
acquired pursuant to the Plan is not covered by a then current registration statement under the Securities Act and is not otherwise
exempt from such registration, such Shares shall be restricted against transfer to the extent required by the Securities Act or
regulations thereunder, and the Administrator may require a Participant receiving Common Stock pursuant to the Plan, as a condition
precedent to receipt of such Common Stock, to represent to the Company in writing that the Common Stock acquired by such Participant
is acquired for investment only and not with a view to distribution.

 

Section
21.	
            Section 409A of the Code.

 

The Plan as well as payments and benefits under
the Plan are intended to be exempt from, or to the extent subject thereto, to comply with Section 409A of the Code, and, accordingly,
to the maximum extent permitted, the Plan shall be interpreted in accordance therewith. Notwithstanding anything contained herein
to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of
the Code, the Participant shall not be considered to have terminated employment or service with the Company for purposes of the
Plan and no payment shall be due to the Participant under the Plan or any Award until the Participant would be considered to have
incurred a “separation from service” from the Company and its Affiliates within the meaning of Section 409A of
the Code. Any payments described in the Plan that are due within the “short term deferral period” as defined in Section 409A
of the Code shall not be treated as deferred compensation unless Applicable Law requires otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in the Plan, to the extent that any Awards (or any other amounts payable under any plan, program or arrangement of
the Company or any of its Affiliates) are payable upon a separation from service and such payment would result in the imposition
of any individual tax and penalty interest charges imposed under Section 409A of the Code,

 

A-
15
 

 

 

the settlement and payment of such
awards (or other amounts) shall instead be made on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following
such separation from service (or death, if earlier). Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Plan shall be
construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. The Company makes no representation that
any or all of the payments or benefits described in this Plan will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code
and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to any such payment. The Participant shall be
solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties incurred under Section 409A.

 

Section
22.	            
Notification of Election Under Section 83(b) of the Code.

 

If any Participant shall, in connection with
the acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan, make the election permitted under Section 83(b) of the Code, such
Participant shall notify the Company of such election within ten (10) days after filing notice of the election with the Internal
Revenue Service.

 

Section
23.	
            No Fractional Shares.

 

No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan. The Administrator shall determine whether cash, other Awards, or other property shall
be issued or paid in lieu of such fractional shares or whether such fractional shares or any rights thereto shall be forfeited
or otherwise eliminated.

 

Section
24.            	
Beneficiary.

 

A Participant may file with the Administrator
a written designation of a beneficiary on such form as may be prescribed by the Administrator and may, from time to time, amend
or revoke such designation. If no designated beneficiary survives the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant’s
estate shall be deemed to be the Participant’s beneficiary.

 

Section
25.             	
Paperless Administration.

 

In the event that the Company establishes, for
itself or using the services of a third party, an automated system for the documentation, granting or exercise of Awards, such
as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response, then the paperless documentation, granting or exercise of
Awards by a Participant may be permitted through the use of such an automated system.

 

Section
26.	            
Severability.

 

If any provision of the Plan is held to be invalid
or unenforceable, the other provisions of the Plan shall not be affected but shall be applied as if the invalid or unenforceable
provision had not been included in the Plan.

 

Section
27.            	
Clawback.

 

(a)           	If the Company is required to prepare
an accounting restatement of its financial statements due to the Company’s material noncompliance (whether one occurrence
or a series of occurrences of noncompliance) with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws (including if the
Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement to correct an error (or a series of errors)) (a “
Covered Accounting
Restatement
”). If such Covered Accounting Restatement includes 
(i) restatements
that correct errors that are material to previously issued financial statements (commonly referred to as “Big R” restatements),
and (ii) restatements that correct errors that are not material to previously issued financial statements, but would result in
a material misstatement if (a) the errors were left uncorrected in the current report or (b) the error correction was recognized
in the current period (commonly referred to as “little r” restatements)
, then the Committee may require any
Covered Executive to repay (in which event, such Covered Executive shall, within thirty (30) days of the notice by the Company,
repay to the Company) or forfeit (in which case, such Covered Executive shall immediately forfeit to the Company) to the Company,
and each Covered Executive hereby agrees to so repay or forfeit, that portion of the Incentive Compensation received by such Covered
Executive during the period comprised of the Company’s three (3) completed fiscal years (together with any intermittent
stub fiscal year period(s) of less than nine (9) months resulting from Company’s transition to different fiscal year
measurement dates) immediately preceding the date the Company is deemed (as described below) to be required to prepare a Covered
Accounting Restatement (such period, the “
Look-Back Period
”),

 

A-
16
 

 

 

that the Committee determines was in excess of
the amount of Incentive Compensation that such Covered Executive would have received during such Look-Back Period, had such Incentive
Compensation been calculated based on the restated amounts, and irrespective of any fault, misconduct or responsibility of such
Covered Executive for the Covered Accounting Restatement. It is specifically understood that, to the extent that the impact of
the Covered Accounting Restatement on the amount of Incentive Compensation received cannot be calculated directly from the information
therein (e.g., if such restatement’s impact on the Company’s stock price is not clear), such excess amount of Incentive
Compensation shall be determined based on a reasonable estimate by the Committee of the effect of the Covered Accounting Restatement
on the applicable financial measure (including the stock price or total shareholder return) based upon which the Incentive Compensation
was received. The amount of the Incentive Compensation to be recouped shall be determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute
discretion and calculated on a pre-tax basis, and the form of such recoupment of Incentive Compensation may be made, in the Committee’s
sole and absolute discretion, through the forfeiture or cancellation of vested or unvested Awards, cash repayment or both. Incentive
Compensation shall be deemed received, either wholly or in part, in the fiscal year during which the financial reporting measure
specified in such Incentive Compensation award is attained (or with respect to, or based upon the achievement of, such financial
reporting measure, such Incentive Compensation was granted, earned or vested, as applicable), even if the payment, vesting or grant
of such Incentive Compensation occurs after the end of such fiscal year. For purposes of this Section 27, the Company is deemed
to be required to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement on the earlier of: (A) the date upon which the Board or an applicable
committee thereof, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes,
or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement; or (B) the date
a court, regulator, or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Covered Accounting Restatement.

 

(b)          	Notwithstanding any other provisions in
this Plan, any Award or any other compensation received by a Participant which is subject to recovery under any Applicable Laws,
government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such Applicable
Law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement), will be subject to such deductions and clawback as may be required
to be made pursuant to such Applicable Law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy adopted
by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement on or following the Effective
Date).

 

Section
28.	
            Governing Law.

 

The Plan shall be governed by, and construed
in accordance with, the laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law of Massachusetts or
any other state.

 

Section
29.             	
Indemnification.

 

To the extent allowable pursuant to Applicable
Law, each member of the Board and the Administrator and any officer or other employee to whom authority to administer any component
of the Plan is designated shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company from any loss, cost, liability, or expense that
may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by such member in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding
to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action
or failure to act pursuant to the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her in satisfaction of judgment
in such action, suit, or proceeding against him or her; provided, however, that he or she gives the Company an opportunity, at
its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The
foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such individuals may
be entitled pursuant to the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any power
that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless.

 

A-
17
 

 

 

Section
30.	            
Titles and Headings, References to Sections of the Code or Exchange Act.

 

The titles and headings of the sections in the
Plan are for convenience of reference only and, in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or
headings, shall control. References to sections of the Code or the Exchange Act shall include any amendment or successor thereto.

 

Section
31.            	
Successors.

 

The obligations of the Company under the Plan
shall be binding upon any successor corporation or organization resulting from the merger, consolidation or other reorganization
of the Company, or upon any successor corporation or organization succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of
the Company.

 

Section
32.            	
Relationship to other Benefits.

 

No payment pursuant to the Plan shall be taken
into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare, or other
benefit plan of the Company or any Affiliate except to the extent otherwise expressly provided in writing in such other plan or
an agreement thereunder.

 

A-18