SOURCE: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1414767/000149315223045158/forms-1a.htm
FORM: S-1/A
FILED: 2023-12-18
COMPANY: Netcapital Inc.

S-1/A

1

forms-1a.htm

 

As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2023

 

Registration
Statement No. 333-275210

 

 

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

 

AMENDMENT
NO. 3 

TO

FORM
S-1

REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933

 

Netcapital Inc.

 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 

Utah

 

6199

 

87-0409951

(State
 or other jurisdiction of

incorporation
 or organization)

 

(Primary
 Standard Industrial

Classification
 Code Number)

 

(I.R.S.
 Employer

Identification
 No.)

 

1
Lincoln Street

Boston,
MA 02111

Phone:
(781) 925-1700

(Address,
Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices)

 

Coreen
Kraysler

Chief
Financial Officer

1
Lincoln Street

Boston,
MA 02111

Phone:
(781) 925-1700

(Name,
Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent for Service)

 

Copies
to:

 

Richard
 A. Friedman, Esq.

Greg
 Carney, Esq. 

 

 
Robert F. Charron, Esq.
 

 
John J. Hart, Esq.
 

Sheppard
 Mullin Richter & Hampton, LLP

 

 
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
 

30
 Rockefeller Plaza

 

 
1345 Avenue of The Americas
 

New
 York, NY 10112

 

 
New York, NY 10105
 

Phone:
 (212) 653-8700

 

 
Phone: (212) 370-1300
 

 

Approximate
date of proposed sale to public: As soon as practicable after this registration statement becomes effective.

 

If
any of the securities being registered on the Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. ☒

 

If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐

 

If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier registration statement for the same offering. ☐

 

If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier registration statement for the same offering: ☐

 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller
reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

 

Large
 accelerated filer

☐

Accelerated
 filer

☐

Non-accelerated
 filer

☒

Smaller
 reporting company

☒

 

 

Emerging
 growth company

☐

 

If
an emerging growth company indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐

 

The
registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date
as the Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a) may determine.

 

 

 

 

 

 

The
information contained in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities or accept an
offer to buy these securities until the registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This
prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer
or sale is not permitted.

 

PRELIMINARY
 PROSPECTUS

 

SUBJECT
 TO COMPLETION

 

DATED
 DECEMBER 15, 2023

 

Up
to 
 14,705,882 
Shares of Common Stock

Up
to 14,705,882 Series A-1 Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock

Up
to 14,705,882 Series A-2 Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock

Up
to 14,705,882 Pre-Funded Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock

 
Placement Agent Warrants to Purchase up to 1,102,941 Shares of Common Stock
 

Up
to 45,220,587 Shares of Common Stock Underlying the Warrants, Pre-Funded Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants 

 

 

Netcapital
 Inc.

 

We
are offering up to 14,705,882 shares of our common stock, $0.001 par value per share, together with series A-1 common stock
purchase warrants to purchase up to 14,705,882 shares of common stock, or the series A-1 warrants, and series A-2 common stock
purchase warrants to purchase up to 14,705,882 shares of common stock, or the series A-2 warrants and, collectively with the
series A-1 warrants, the common stock purchase warrants. Each share of our common stock, or a pre-funded warrant in lieu thereof (as
described below), is being sold together with one series A-1 warrant to purchase one share of common stock and one series A-2 warrant
to purchase one share of common stock. The shares of common stock and common stock purchase warrants are immediately separable and will
be issued separately in this offering, but must be purchased together in this offering. The assumed public offering price for each share
of common stock and accompanying series A-1 warrant and series A-2 warrant is $0.34, which was the closing price of our common
stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market on December 13, 2023. The series A-1 warrants and series A-2 warrants will have an exercise
price per share of $ and will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder approval of the issuance of the shares upon
exercise of the common stock purchase warrants (the “Warrant Stockholder Approval”), 
provided
, 
however
, that,
if the Pricing Conditions (as defined below) are satisfied, the common stock purchase warrants will be exercisable immediately
upon issuance (the date of initial exercisability of the common stock purchase warrants, the “Initial Exercise Date”).
The series A-1 warrants will expire on the five (5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date and the series A-2 warrants will expire
on the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date. As used herein, “Pricing Conditions” means that the
combined offering price per share and accompanying common stock purchase warrants is such that the Warrant Stockholder Approval is not
required under Nasdaq rules because either (i) the offering is an at-the-market offering under Nasdaq rules and such price equals or
exceeds the sum of (a) the applicable “Minimum Price” per share under Nasdaq rule 5635(d) plus (b) $0.125 per whole share
of common stock underlying the common stock purchase warrants or (ii) the offering is a discounted offering where the pricing and discount
(including attributing a value of $0.125 per whole share underlying the common stock purchase warrants) meet the pricing requirements
under the Nasdaq rules.

 

We
are also offering to each purchaser whose purchase of shares of our common stock in this offering would otherwise result in the purchaser,
together with its affiliates and certain related parties, beneficially owning more than 4.99% (or, at the election of the purchaser,
9.99%) of the outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the consummation of this offering, the opportunity
to purchase, if the purchaser so chooses, pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock, or the pre-funded warrants,
in lieu of shares of common stock. Each pre-funded warrant will be exercisable for one share of our common stock and will be immediately
exercisable and will expire when exercised in full. The purchase price of each pre-funded warrant and accompanying series A-1
and series A-2 common stock purchase warrants will equal the price per share of common stock being sold to the public, minus $0.001,
and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant will be $0.001 per share. The pre-funded warrants and common stock purchase
warrants are immediately separable and will be issued separately in this offering, but must be purchased together in this offering
For each pre-funded warrant that we sell, the number of shares of our common stock that we are offering will be decreased on a one-for-one
basis.

 

This
offering will terminate on March 31, 2024, unless we decide to terminate the offering (which we may do at any time
in our discretion) prior to that date. We will have one closing for all the securities purchased in this offering. The public offering
price per share (or pre-funded warrant) and common stock purchase warrants will be fixed for the duration of this offering.

 

Our
common stock and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbols “NCPL” and “NCPLW”,
respectively. We have not applied, and do not intend to apply, to list the pre-funded warrants or the common stock purchase warrants
on The Nasdaq Capital Market. On December 13, 2023, the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market was $0.34
per share. The trading price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, subject to wide price fluctuations in response
to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those described in “Risk Factors.” On September 1, 2023,
we received written notice from Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), as the minimum bid price of
our common stock had been below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810, we have
a period of 180-calendar days, or until February 8, 2024, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. To regain compliance,
the closing bid price of our common stock must meet or exceed $1.00 per share for at least 10 consecutive business days during this 180-calendar
day period. In the event we do not regain compliance by February 8, 2024, we may be eligible for an additional 180-calendar day grace
period so long as we meet the Nasdaq continued listing requirement for market value of publicly-held shares and all other initial
listing standards for the Nasdaq, other than the minimum closing bid price requirement and notify Nasdaq in writing
of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. If we
do not qualify for or fail to regain compliance during the second compliance period, then Nasdaq will notify us of its determination
to delist our common stock, at which point we would have an option to appeal the delisting determination to a Nasdaq hearings panel.

 

 
We
have engaged H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, or the placement agent, to act as our exclusive placement agent in connection with this
offering. The placement agent has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to arrange for the sale of the securities offered by this
prospectus. The placement agent is not purchasing or selling any of the securities we are offering and the placement agent is not required
to arrange the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar amount of securities. We have agreed to pay to the placement agent the
placement agent fees set forth in the table below, which assumes that we sell all of the securities offered by this prospectus. Since
we will deliver the securities to be issued in this offering upon our receipt of investor funds, there is no arrangement for funds to
be received in escrow, trust or similar arrangement.
 

There is no minimum offering requirement as a condition of closing of this offering. Because there is no minimum offering amount required
as a condition to closing this offering, we may sell fewer than all of the securities offered hereby, which may significantly reduce
the amount of proceeds received by us, and investors in this offering will not receive a refund in the event that we do not sell an amount
of securities sufficient to pursue our business goals described in this prospectus. In addition, because there is no escrow account
and no minimum offering amount, investors could be in a position where they have invested in our company, but we are unable to fulfill
all of our contemplated objectives due to a lack of interest in this offering. Further, any proceeds from the sale of securities offered
by us will be available for our immediate use, despite uncertainty about whether we would be able to use such funds to effectively implement
our business plan. See the section entitled “Risk Factors” for more information. We will bear all costs associated with
the offering. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page 66 of this prospectus for more information regarding these
arrangements.

 

The
number of shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants and common stock purchase warrants offered by this prospectus and
all other applicable information has been determined based on an assumed public offering price of $0.34 per share of common stock
and accompanying series A-1 and series A-2 common stock purchase warrants, which is the closing price of our common stock of $0.34
on December 13, 2023 . The public offering price per share of common stock and accompanying common stock purchase warrants
and per pre-funded warrant and accompanying common stock purchase warrants will be determined between us and investors based on market
conditions at the time of pricing, and may be at a discount to the then current market price of our common stock. The recent market price
used throughout this prospectus may not be indicative of the actual offering price. The actual public offering price may be based upon
a number of factors, including our history and our prospects, the industry in which we operate, our past and present operating results,
the previous experience of our executive officers and the general condition of the securities markets at the time of this offering.

 

Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 13 of this prospectus for a discussion
of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete.
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

 

 
 

Per
 Share, series A-1 common stock purchase warrant, and series A-2 common stock purchase warrant 
 
 

Per
 Pre-Funded Warrant, series A-1 common stock purchase warrant, and series A-2 common stock purchase warrant 
 
 

Total
 
 

Public
 offering price
 

$
     
 
 

$
     
 
 

$
     
 

 
Placement
 Agent Fees(1)
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Proceeds
 to us, before expenses
(2)
 

$
 
 

$
 
 

$
 

 

 (1) 

 We have agreed to pay the placement agent a cash fee equal to 7.5% of the aggregate gross
 proceeds raised in this offering. We have also agreed to pay the placement agent a management
 fee equal to 1.0% of the gross proceeds raised in this offering and to reimburse the placement
 agent for certain of its offering related expenses, including reimbursement for legal fees and expenses in the amount of up to $100,000,
 and for its clearing expenses in the amount of $15,950. In addition, we have agreed to issue
 the placement agent or its designees warrants to purchase a number of shares of common stock
 equal to 7.5% of the shares of common stock sold in this offering (including the shares of
 common stock issuable upon the exercise of the pre-funded warrants), at an exercise price
 of $ per share, which represents 125% of the public offering price per share and accompanying
 common stock purchase warrants (“Placement Agent Warrants”). For a description of the compensation
 to be received by the placement agent, see “Plan of Distribution” for more information. 

 
(2)
 

Because
 there is no minimum number of securities or amount of proceeds required as a condition to closing in this offering, the actual public
 offering amount, placement agent fees, and proceeds to us, if any, are not presently determinable and may be substantially
 less than the total maximum offering amounts set forth above. For more information, see “Plan of Distribution.”

 

The
delivery
 to purchasers of the shares of common
stock, pre-funded warrants, and common stock purchase warrants in this offering is expected to be made on or about          , 2023, subject
to satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions.

 

 

 

H.C.
Wainwright & Co.

 

The
date of this prospectus is             , 2023

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS

 

SPECIAL
 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

 

1
 

PROSPECTUS
 SUMMARY

 

3
 

THE
 OFFERING

 

10
 

RISK
 FACTORS

 

13
 

USE
 OF PROCEEDS

 

27
 

MARKET
 FOR OUR SECURITIES

 

28
 

DIVIDEND
 POLICY

 

29

CAPITALIZATION

 

29

OUR
 BUSINESS

 

31

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

 

43

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

 

54

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

 

56
 

SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE

 

57

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

 

59

MATERIAL US FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY’S COMMON STOCK

 

62

PLAN
 OF DISTRIBUTION

 

66

LEGAL MATTERS

 

67

EXPERTS

 

68

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

 

68

INCORPORATION OF DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE

 

68

 

You
should rely only on information contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein. We have not authorized
anyone to provide you with additional information or information different from that contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated
by reference herein. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted.
The information in this prospectus may only be accurate as of the date on the front of this prospectus regardless of time of delivery
of this prospectus or any sale of our securities. If any statement in this prospectus is inconsistent with a statement in another document
having a later date—for example, a document incorporated by reference—the statement in the document having the later date
modifies or supersedes the earlier statement.

 

No
person is authorized in connection with this prospectus to give any information or to make any representations about us, the common stock
hereby or any matter discussed in this prospectus, other than the information and representations contained in this prospectus and the
documents incorporated by reference herein. If any other information or representation is given or made, such information or representation
may not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an
offer to buy our common stock in any circumstance under which the offer or solicitation is unlawful. Neither the delivery of this prospectus
nor any distribution of our common stock in accordance with this prospectus shall, under any circumstances, imply that there has been
no change in our affairs since the date of this prospectus.

 

We

have not done anything that would permit this
offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than the
United States. You are required to inform yourself about, and to observe any restrictions relating to, this offering and the distribution
of this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein.

 

 

 

 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

 

This
prospectus contains express or implied forward-looking statements that are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and
on information currently available to our management. Statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business
strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, contained
in this prospectus and in any related prospectus supplement are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as “may,” “could,” “will,” “would,” “should,”
“expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “intend,”
“predict,” “seek,” “contemplate,” “project,” “continue,” “potential,”
“ongoing” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.

 

Forward-looking
statements are subject to significant business, economic and competitive risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult
to predict and beyond our control, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied in
such forward-looking statements. These and other risks, uncertainties and contingencies are described elsewhere in this prospectus, including
under “Risk Factors,” and in the documents incorporated by reference herein, and include the following factors:

 

 

●

capital
 requirements and the availability of capital to fund our growth and to service our existing debt;

 

 

 

 

●

difficulties
 executing our growth strategy, including attracting new issuers and investors;

 

 

 

 

●

our
 anticipated use of the net proceeds from this offering;

 

●

all
 the risks of acquiring one or more complementary businesses, including identifying a suitable target, completing comprehensive due
 diligence uncovering all information relating to the target, the financial stability of the target, the impact on our financial condition
 of the debt we may incur in acquiring the target, the ability to integrate the target’s operations with our existing operations,
 our ability to retain management and key employees of the target, among other factors attendant to acquisitions of small, non-public
 operating companies; 

 

 

 

 

●

difficulties
 in increasing revenue per issuer;

 

 

 

 

●

challenges
 related to hiring and training fintech employees at competitive wage rates;

 

 

 

 

●

difficulties
 in increasing the average number of investments made per investor;

 

 

 

 

●

shortages
 or interruptions in the supply of quality issuers;

 

 

 

 

●

our
 dependence on a small number of large issuers to generate revenue;

 

 

 

 

●

negative
 publicity relating to any one of our issuers;

 

 

 

 

●

competition
 from other online capital portals with significantly greater resources than we have;

 

1

 

 

 

●

changes
 in investor tastes and purchasing trends;

 

 

 

 

●

our
 inability to manage our growth;

 

 

 

 

●

our
 inability to maintain an adequate level of cash flow, or access to capital, to meet growth expectations;

 

 

 

 

●

changes
 in senior management, loss of one or more key personnel or an inability to attract, hire, integrate and retain skilled personnel;
 

 

 

 

 

●

labor
 shortages, unionization activities, labor disputes or increased labor costs, including increased labor costs resulting from the demand
 for qualified employees; 

 

 

 

 

●

our
 vulnerability to increased costs of running an online portal on Amazon Web Services;

 

 

 

 

●

our
 vulnerability to increasing labor costs;

 

 

 

 

●

the
 impact of governmental laws and regulation;

 

 

 

 

●

failure
 to obtain or maintain required licenses;

 

 

 

 

●

changes
in economic or regulatory conditions and other unforeseen conditions that prevent or delay the development of a secondary trading market
for shares of equity that are sold on our online portal;

 

 

 

 

●

inadequately
 protecting our intellectual property or breaches of security of confidential user information; 

 

 

 

 

●

general
 business and economic conditions, such as inflationary pressures, geopolitical conditions
 including, but not limited to, the conflict between Russia and the Ukraine, the conflict
 between Israel and Gaza, and the effects and duration of outbreaks of public health emergencies,
 such as COVID-19; and

 

 

 

 

●

our
 expectations regarding having our securities listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market.

 

These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this prospectus. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus after we distribute this prospectus, whether as a result
of any new information, future events or otherwise.

 

TRADEMARKS
AND TRADE NAMES

 

This
prospectus includes trademarks that are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are the Company’s property or
the property of one of the Company’s subsidiaries. This prospectus also contains trademarks, service marks, trade names and/or
copyrights of other companies, which are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names
referred to in this prospectus may appear without the ® or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way,
that the owner will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to these trademarks and trade names.

 

INDUSTRY
AND MARKET DATA

 

Unless
otherwise indicated, information contained in this prospectus concerning the Company’s industry and the markets in which it operates,
including market position and market opportunity, is based on information from management’s estimates, as well as from industry
publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. The third-party sources from which the Company has obtained
information generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but the Company
cannot assure you that this information is accurate or complete. The Company has not independently verified any of the data from third-party
sources nor has it verified the underlying economic assumptions relied upon by those third parties. Similarly, internal company surveys,
industry forecasts and market research, which the Company believes to be reliable, based upon management’s knowledge of the industry,
have not been verified by any independent sources. The Company’s internal surveys are based on data it has collected over the past
several years, which it believes to be reliable. Management estimates are derived from publicly available information, its knowledge
of the industry, and assumptions based on such information and knowledge, which management believes to be reasonable and appropriate.
However, assumptions and estimates of the Company’s future performance, and the future performance of its industry, are subject
to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including those described under the heading “Risk Factors” in this
prospectus and those described elsewhere in this prospectus, and the other documents the Company files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”), from time to time. These and other important factors could result in its estimates and assumptions
being materially different from future results. You should read the information contained in this prospectus completely and with the
understanding that future results may be materially different and worse from what the Company expects. See the information included under
the heading “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

 

2

 

 

PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY

 

This
summary highlights information contained elsewhere, or incorporated by reference, in this prospectus and does not contain all the information
that you should consider in making your investment decision. Before deciding to invest in our securities, you should read this entire
prospectus carefully, including the sections of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 13 of this prospectus,
the information included in any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering, and the documents
incorporated by reference herein. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus to the “Company,”
“we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Netcapital Inc. and its subsidiaries.

 

Company
Overview

 

Netcapital
Inc. is a fintech company with a scalable technology platform that allows private companies to raise capital online from accredited and
non-accredited investors. We give all investors the opportunity to access investments in private companies. Our model is disruptive to
traditional private equity investing and is based on Title III, Regulation Crowdfunding (“Reg CF”) of the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act (“JOBS Act”). In addition, we have recently expanded our model to include Regulation A (“Reg A”)
offerings. We generate fees from listing private companies on our funding portal located at www.netcapital.com. We also generate fees
from advising companies with respect to their Reg A offerings posted on www.netcapital.com. Our consulting group, Netcapital Advisors
Inc. (“Netcapital Advisors”), which is a wholly-owned subsidiary, provides marketing and strategic advice to companies in
exchange for cash fees and/or equity positions. The Netcapital funding portal is registered with the SEC, is a member of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), a registered national securities association, and provides investors with opportunities
to invest in private companies. Neither Netcapital Advisors, nor any Netcapital entity or subsidiary, is a broker- dealer, nor do any
of such entities operate as a broker-dealer with respect to any Reg A offering listed on the www.netcapital.com website.

 

Our
Business

 

We
provide private companies with access to investments from accredited and non-accredited retail investors through our online portal located
at www.netcapital.com, which is operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Netcapital Funding Portal, Inc. The Netcapital funding portal
charges a $5,000 engagement fee and a 4.9% success fee for capital raised at closing. In addition, the portal generates fees for other
ancillary services, such as rolling closes. Netcapital Advisors generates fees and equity stakes from consulting in select portfolio
and non-portfolio clients. With respect to its services for Reg A offerings, Netcapital Advisors charges a monthly flat fee for each
month the offering is listed on the netcapital.com website as well as a nominal administrative flat fee for each investor that is processed
to cover out-of-pocket costs. We generated revenues of $3,561,467, with costs of service of $38,187, in the six
months ended October 31, 2023 for a gross profit of $3,523,280 (consisting of $2,626,667 in equity securities for
payment of services and $934,000 in cash-based revenues, offset by $38,187 for costs of services) in the six
months ended October 31, 2023 as compared to revenues of $3,119,546 with costs of service of $57,298 in the
six months ended October 31, 2022 for a gross profit of $3,062,248 (consisting of $2,425,000 in equity securities
for the payment of services and $694,546 in cash-based revenues, offset by $57,298 for costs of services) in the
six months ended October 31, 2022. Our cash-based gross profits as a percentage of gross profits were approximately
2% and 2%, respectively in the six month periods ended October 31, 2023 and 2022, collected from two (2) and one
(3) entities (for which we performed administrative services) in which we own equity during such periods We generated revenues
of $8,493,985, with costs of services of $85,038, in the year ended April 30, 2023 for a gross profit of $8,408,947 (consisting of $7,105,000
in equity securities for payment of services and $1,388,985 in cash based revenues, offset by $85,038 for costs of services) in the year
ended April 30, 2023 as compared to revenues of $5,480,835 with costs of services of $110,115 in the year ended April 30, 2022 for a
gross profit of $5,370,720 (consisting of $3,375,000 in equity securities as payment for services and $2,105,835 in cash-based revenues,
offset by $110,115 for costs of services) in the year ended April 30, 2022. Our cash based gross profits as a percentage of gross profits
were approximately 1.64% and 0.93%, respectively, in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, which were collected from two (2) and one
(1) entities (for which we performed administrative services) in which we own equity during such periods. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, the
average amount raised in an offering on the Netcapital funding portal was $128,170 and $369,478, respectively. The total number of offerings
on the Netcapital funding portal in fiscal 2023 and 2022 that closed was 63 and 81, respectively, of which 13 and 17 offerings hosted
on the Netcapital funding platform in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively terminated their listings without raising the required minimum
dollar amount of capital. As of the date of this prospectus, we own minority equity positions in 19 portfolio companies that have utilized
the funding portal to facilitate their offerings, which equity was received as payment for services.

 

Funding
Portal

 

Netcapital
Funding Portal, Inc. is an SEC-registered funding portal that enables private companies to raise capital online, while investors
are able to invest from anywhere in the world, at any time, with just a few clicks. Securities offerings on the Netcapital funding portal
are accessible through individual offering pages, where companies include product or service details, market size, competitive advantages,
and financial documents. Companies can accept investment from anyone, including friends, family, customers, and employees. Customer accounts
on our platform will not be permitted to hold digital securities.

 

In
addition to access to the funding portal, the Netcapital funding portal provides the following services:

 

●
a fully automated onboarding process;

●
automated filing of required regulatory documents;

●
compliance review;

●
custom-built offering page on our portal website;

●
third party transfer agent and custodial services;

●
email marketing to our proprietary list of investors;

●
rolling closes, which provide potential access to liquidity before final close date of offering;

●
assistance with annual filings; and

●
direct access to our team for ongoing support.

 

3

 

 

Consulting
Business

 

Our
consulting group, Netcapital Advisors, helps companies at all stages to raise capital. Netcapital Advisors provides strategic advice,
technology consulting and online marketing services to assist with fundraising campaigns on the Netcapital platform. We also act as an
incubator and accelerator, taking equity stakes in select disruptive start-ups. In the instances where we take equity stakes in a company,
such interests are of the same class of securities that are offered on the Netcapital platform.

 

Netcapital
Advisors’ services include:

 

●
incubation of technology start-ups;

●
investor introductions;

●
online marketing;

●
website design, software and software development;

●
message crafting, including pitch decks, offering pages, and ad creation;

●
strategic advice; and

●
technology consulting.

 

Valuation
Business

 

Our
valuation group, MSG Development Corp., which is also a wholly-owned subsidiary, prepares valuations.

 

The
valuation services include:

 

●
business valuations;

●
fairness and solvency opinions;

●
ESOP feasibility and valuation;

●
non-cash charitable contributions;

●
economic analysis of damages;

●
intellectual property appraisals; and

●
compensation studies.

 

Regulatory
Overview

 

In
an effort to enhance economic growth and to democratize access to private investment opportunities, Congress finalized the JOBS Act in
2016. Title III of the JOBS Act enabled early-stage companies to offer and sell securities to the general public for the first time.
The SEC then adopted Reg CF, in order to implement the JOBS Act’s crowdfunding provisions.

 

Reg
CF has several important features that changed the landscape for private capital raising and investment. For the first time, this regulation:

 

 

●

Allowed
 the general public to invest in private companies, no longer limiting early-stage investment opportunities to less than 10% of the
 population;

 

 

 

  

●

Enabled
 private companies to advertise their securities offerings to the public (general solicitation); and

 

 

 

  

●

Conditionally
 exempted securities sold under Section 4(a)(6) from the registration requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended (the “Exchange Act”).

 

The
SEC had also adopted rules to implement Section 401 of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act by expanding Reg A into two tiers

 

 

●

Tier
 1, for securities offerings of up to $20 million in a 12-month period; and

 

 

 

 

●

Tier
 2, for securities offerings of up to $75 million in a 12-month period.

 

In
addition, Reg A allows companies that are subject to the ongoing reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to
use Reg A. Further, Reg A also enables issuers to raise funds from non-accredited investors and accredited investors.

 

Our
Market

 

The
traditional funding model restricts access to capital, investments and liquidity. According to Harvard Business Review, venture capital
firms (“VCs”) invest in fewer than 1% of the companies they consider and only 10% of VC meetings are obtained through cold
outreach. In addition, only 2% of VC funding went to women-owned firms in 2022, according to PitchBook, while only 1% went to
black-owned firms, according to TechCrunch.

 

Furthermore,
under the traditional model, the average investor lacked access to early-stage investments. Prior to the JOBS Act, almost 90% of U.S.
households were precluded from investing in private deals, per dqydj.com. Liquidity has also been an issue, as private investments are
generally locked up until IPO or takeout.

 

The
JOBS Act helped provide a solution to these issues by establishing the funding portal industry, which is currently in its infancy. Title
III of the JOBS Act outlines Reg CF, which traditionally allowed private companies to raise up to $1.07 million. In March 2021, regulatory
enhancements by the SEC went into effect and increased the limit to $5 million. These amendments increased the offering limits for Reg
CF, Reg A and Regulation D, Rule 504 offerings as follows: Reg CF increased to $5 million; Regulation D, Rule 504 increased to $10 million
from $5 million; and Reg A Tier 2 increased to $75 million from $50 million.

 

4

 

 

There
was $494 million raised via Reg CF in 2022, according to Crowdwise. We believe a significant opportunity exists to disrupt private capital
markets via the Netcapital funding portal.

 

Private
capital markets reached $12 trillion by the first half of 2022, per McKinsey. Within this market, private equity represents the largest
share, with assets in excess of $3 trillion and a 10-year compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10%. Since 2000, global private
equity (“PE”), net asset value has increased almost tenfold, nearly three times faster than the size of the public equity
market. Both McKinsey and Boston Consulting Group predict that this strong growth will continue, as investors allocate increasing amounts
to private equity, due to historically higher returns and lower volatility than public markets. In addition, Boston Consulting Group
estimates that there are $42 trillion held in retail investment accounts, which we believe represents a large pool of potential account
holders for us.

 

Our
Technology

 

The
Netcapital platform is a scalable, real-time, transaction-processing engine that runs 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

 

For
companies raising capital, the technology provides fully automated onboarding with integrated regulatory filings. Funds are collected
from investors and held in escrow until the offering closes. For entrepreneurs, the technology facilitates access to capital at low cost.
For investors, the platform provides access to investments in private, early-stage companies that were previously unavailable to the
general public. Both entrepreneurs and investors can track and view their investments through their dashboard on netcapital.com. As
of the date of this prospectus, the platform currently has approximately 116,000 users.

 

Scalability
was demonstrated in November 2021, when the platform processed more than 2,000 investments in less than two hours, totaling more than
$2 million.

 

Our
infrastructure is designed in a way that can horizontally scale to meet our capacity needs. Using Docker containers and Amazon Elastic
Container Service (“Amazon ECS”), we are able to automate the creation and launch of our production web and application programming
interface (“API”), endpoints in order to replicate them as needed behind Elastic Load Balancers (ELBs).

 

Additionally,
all of our public facing endpoints live behind CloudFlare to ensure protection from large scale traffic fluctuations (including distributed
denial of service (“DdoS”) attacks).

 

Our
main database layer is built on Amazon RDS and features a Multi-AZ deployment that can also be easily scaled up or down as needed. General
queries are cached in our API layer, and we monitor to optimize very complex database queries that are generated by the API. Additionally,
we cache the most complex queries (such as analytics data) in our NoSQL (Mongo) data store for improved performance.

 

Most
of our central processing unit (“CPU”), intensive data processing happens asynchronously through a worker/jobs system managed
by AWS ElastiCache’s Redis endpoint. This component can be easily fine-tuned for any scale necessary.

 

The
technology necessary to operate our funding portal is licensed from Netcapital Systems LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Netcapital
DE LLC”), of which Jason Frishman, Founder and former CEO of Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., owns a 29% interest, under a license
agreement with Netcapital Funding Portal, Inc., for an annual license fee of $380,000, paid in quarterly installments.

 

Proposed
Alternative Trading (“ATS”) Relationship

 

We
believe that lack of liquidity is a key issue for investors in private companies in our targeted market. We also recognize that secondary
trading of securities in private companies is subject to extensive regulation and oversight. Such regulation and oversight includes,
but is not limited to, the need to be a registered broker-dealer that is licensed to operate an ATS, or to partner with an entity that
is licensed to do so. In order to try to address what we believe is a large, unmet need, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Netcapital Systems
LLC, a Utah limited liability company (“Netcapital UT LLC”), entered into a software license and services agreement on January
2, 2023 (the “Templum License Agreement”) with Templum Markets LLC (“Templum”), to provide issuers and investors
on the Netcapital platform with the potential for greater distribution and liquidity. Templum is a company that provides capital markets
infrastructure for trading private equity securities, and operates an ATS with approval in 53 U.S. states and territories for the trading
of unregistered or private securities. We are currently working with Templum to design the software required to allow issuers and investors
on the Netcapital platform to access the Templum ATS in order to engage in secondary trading of securities in a regulatorily compliant
manner. The operation of the Templum ATS, however, remains subject to extensive regulation and oversight. Accordingly, any regulatory
delays or objections will result in delays in our ability to launch the proposed platform. While we are currently working with Templum
on the design of the required software to enable the access to secondary trading on the Templum ATS, no assurance can be given as to
when, or if, we will be able to successfully complete this project in order to enable access to a secondary trading feature.

 

5

 

 

Competitive
Advantages

 

Based
upon publicly available information either published on the websites of our peer group (StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc., Wefunder Inc.
and Republic Core LLC) or included in offering statements of issuers hosted on such offering platforms, we believe that we provide the
lowest cost solution for online capital raising. We also believe, based upon our facilitated technology platforms, our strong emphasis
on customer support, and feedback received from clients that have onboarded to our platform, that our access and onboarding of new clients
are superior due to our facilitated technology platforms. Our network continues to rapidly expand as a result of our enhanced marketing
and broad distribution to reach new investors.

 

Our
competitors include StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc., Wefunder Inc. and Republic Core LLC . Given the rapid growth in the industry and
its potential to disrupt the multi-billion dollar private capital market, we believe there is sufficient room for multiple
players.

 

Our
Strategy

 

Two
major tailwinds are driving accelerated growth in the shift to the use of online funding portals: (i) the COVID-19 pandemic and (ii)
the increase in funding limits under Reg CF. The pandemic drove a rapid need to bring as many processes as possible online. With travel
restrictions in place and most people in lockdown, entrepreneurs were no longer able to fundraise in person and have increasingly turned
to online capital raising through funding portals.

 

There
are numerous industry drivers and tailwinds that complement investor demand for access to investments in private companies. To capitalize
on these, our strategy is to:

 

 

●

Generate
 New Investor Accounts. Growing the number of investor accounts on our platform is a top priority. Investment dollars that continue
 to flow through our platform are the key revenue driver. When issuers advertise their offerings, they are generating new investor
 accounts for the Netcapital funding platform at no cost to us. We plan to supplement our issuers’ spend on advertising
 by increasing our online marketing spend as well, which may include virtual conferences going forward.

 

 

 

 

●

Hire
 Additional Business Development Staff. We seek to hire additional business development staff that is technology advanced and financially
 passionate about capital markets to handle our growing backlog of potential customers.

 

 

 

 

●

Increase
 the Number of Companies on Our Platform via Marketing. When a new company lists on our platform, they bring their customers, supporters,
 and brand ambassadors as new investors to Netcapital. We plan to increase our marketing budget to help grow our portal and advisory
 clients.

 

 

 

 

●

Invest
 in Technology. Technology is critical to everything that we do. We plan to invest in developing innovative technologies that enhance
 our platform and allow us to pursue additional service offerings..

 

6

 

 

 

●

Incubate
 and accelerate our advisory clients. The advisory clients and our equity interests in select advisory clients represent potential
 upside for our shareholders. We seek to grow this model of advisory clients.

 

 

 

 

●

Expand
 Internationally. We believe there is a significant opportunity to expand the marketing of Netcapital funding platform and the
 services we offer into Europe and Asia as an appetite abroad grows for U.S. stocks.

 

 

 

 

●

Provide
 a secondary trading feature. We believe that lack of liquidity is a key issue for investors in private companies in our targeted
 market. Accordingly, we are exploring ways in which we can provide our clients with the ability to access a secondary trading feature.
 In January 2023, we entered into the Templum License Agreement to provide issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform with the
 potential for greater distribution and liquidity. Templum is an operator of an ATS with approval in 53 U.S. states and territories
 for the trading of unregistered or private securities to provide issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform with the potential
 for greater distribution and liquidity. We are currently working with Templum on the design of the required software to enable issuers
 and investors on the Netcapital platform the ability to access the Templum ATS in order to engage in secondary trading of securities.

 

 

 

 

●

New
 Verticals Represent a Significant Opportunity. We operate in a regulated market supported by the JOBS Act. We may pursue expanding
 our model to include Reg A and Regulation D offerings.

 

Our
Management

 

Our
management team is experienced in finance, technology, entrepreneurship, and marketing.

 

Martin
Kay is our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and a director. He previously served as Managing Director at Accenture Strategy,
from October 2015 to December 2022 and holds a BA in physics from Oxford University and an MBA from Stanford University Graduate School
of Business. Mr. Kay is an experienced C-suite advisor and digital media entrepreneur, working at the intersection of business and technology.
His experience includes oversight of our funding portal when he served on the board of managers of Netcapital DE LLC from 2017 to 2021.

 

Coreen
Kraysler, CFA, is our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”). With over 30 years of investment experience, she was formerly a Senior
Vice President and Principal at Independence Investments, where she managed several 5-star rated mutual funds and served on the Investment
Committee. She also worked at Eaton Vance as a Vice President, Equity Analyst on the Large and Midcap Value teams. She received a B.A.
in Economics and French, cum laude from Wellesley College and a Master of Science in Management from MIT Sloan.

 

Jason
Frishman is our Founder and former chief executive officer of our funding portal subsidiary, Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. Mr. Frishman
founded Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. to help reduce the systemic inefficiencies that early-stage companies face in securing
capital. He currently holds advisory positions at leading organizations in the financial technology ecosystem and has spoken as an external
expert at Morgan Stanley, University of Michigan, Young Presidents’ Organization (YPO), and others. Mr. Frishman has a background
in the life sciences and previously conducted research in medical oncology at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute and cognitive neuroscience
at the University of Miami, where he graduated summa cum laude with a B.S. in Neuroscience.

 

7

 

 

Corporate
Information

 

The
Company was incorporated in Utah in 1984 as DBS Investments, Inc. (“DBS”). DBS merged with Valuesetters L.L.C. in December
2003 and changed its name to Valuesetters, Inc. In November 2020, the Company purchased Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. from Netcapital
DE LLC and changed the name of the Company from Valuesetters, Inc. to Netcapital Inc. In November 2021, the Company purchased MSG Development
Corp.

 

Attached
below is an organization chart for the Company as of the date of this prospectus :

 

 

Our
principal executive offices are located at State Street Financial Center, One Lincoln Street, Boston, Massachusetts and our telephone
number is 781-925-1700. We maintain a website at 
www.netcapitalinc.com
. Information contained on or accessible through our website
is not, and should not be considered, part of, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus and you should not consider any information
contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this prospectus in deciding whether to purchase our securities.

 

Implications
of Being a Smaller Reporting Company

 

We
have elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations in this prospectus and may elect to take advantage of
other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. As a result, the information that we provide to our stockholders may be different
than you might receive from other public reporting companies in which you hold equity interests.

 

We
are a “smaller reporting company,” meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus the proposed aggregate
amount of gross proceeds to us as a result of this offering is less than $700 million and our annual revenue was less than $100 million
during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company after this offering if either (i) the
market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than $100 million
during the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million. As
a smaller reporting company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are available to smaller
reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited
financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation.

 

Recent
Developments

 

Cash
Balance at December 2023

 

As
of December 14, 2023, we had $104,999 in cash and cash equivalents.

 

Notice
from Nasdaq on Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule

 

On
September 1, 2023, we were notified by Nasdaq (the “Notification Letter”) that we are not in compliance with the minimum
bid price requirements set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5550(a)(2) requires listed securities to maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00 per share, and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)
provides that a failure to meet the minimum bid price requirement exists if the deficiency continues for a period of 30 consecutive business
days. Based on the closing bid price of our common stock between July 20, 2023 and August 31, 2023, we no longer meet the minimum bid
price requirement. The Notification Letter has no immediate effect on the listing or trading of our common stock and warrants on The
Nasdaq Capital Market and, at this time, the common stock and warrants will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the
symbol “NCPL” and “NCPLW”, respectively.

 

8

 

 

The
Notification Letter provides that we have 180 calendar days, or until February 28, 2024, to regain compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule
5550(a)(2). To regain compliance, the bid price of our common stock must have a closing bid price of at least $1.00 per share for a minimum
of 10 consecutive business days. If we do not regain compliance by February 28, 2024, an additional 180 days may be granted to regain
compliance, so long as we meet The Nasdaq Capital Market continued listing requirement for market value of publicly-held shares and all
other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, other than the minimum closing bid price requirement and notify Nasdaq
in writing of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary.
If we do not qualify for the second compliance period or fail to regain compliance during the second 180-day period, then Nasdaq will
notify us of its determination to delist our common stock and warrants, at which point we will have an opportunity to appeal the delisting
determination to a hearings panel.

 

We
intend to monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and may, if appropriate, consider implementing available options, including,
but not limited to, implementing a reverse stock split of our outstanding securities, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price
requirement under the Nasdaq listing rules.

 

July
2023 Public Offering

 

On
July 24, 2023, we completed an underwritten public offering of 1,725,000 shares of our common stock, at a price to the public of $0.70
per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $1,207,500, before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses payable by us. In
conjunction with this offering, we issued ThinkEquity and its designees warrants to purchase up to 86,250 shares of our common stock
at an exercise price of $0.875 per share, which warrants (and the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of such warrants)
were not registered under the Securities Act, and were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder.

 

May
2023 Registered Direct Offering

 

On
May 23, 2023, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which we agreed to issue
and sell to such investors, in a registered direct offering, 1,100,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $1.55 per share, for
aggregate gross proceeds of $1,705,000, before deducting the placement agent’s fees and other offering expenses payable by the
Company. The offering closed on May 25, 2023 and we received aggregate net proceeds of $1,468,700. The shares were offered and issued
and sold pursuant to the Company’s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File 333-267921) filed by us with the SEC under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), on October 18, 2022 and declared effective on October 26, 2022.

 

We
used $367,167 of the net proceeds from the offering to repay certain indebtedness, and the remainder of net proceeds for working
capital and general corporate purposes.

 

In

connection with the offering, on May
23, 2023, we entered into a placement agency agreement with ThinkEquity LLC (“ThinkEquity”), pursuant to which (i) ThinkEquity
acted as placement agent on a “best efforts” basis in connection with the offering, (ii) we paid ThinkEquity an aggregate
fee equal to 8.0% of the gross proceeds raised in the offering, and reimbursed ThinkEquity for certain expenses, and (iii) issued to
ThinkEquity warrants to purchase up to 55,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.94 (the “ThinkEquity Placement
Agent Warrants”), on May 25, 2023. The ThinkEquity Placement Agent Warrants (and the shares of common stock issuable upon
the exercise of the ThinkEquity Placement Agent Warrants) were not registered under the Securities Act, and were offered pursuant
to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b)
promulgated thereunder.

 

Repayment
of Secured Debt

 

On
May 25, 2023, we paid $367,167 to our secured lender, Vaxstar LLC, to pay off the remaining $350,000 principal balance and $17,167 in
interest. Following repayment to Vaxstar LLC the facility was closed and all related agreements were terminated in accordance
with their terms.

 

Common
Stock Issuances

 

In
April and May 2023, we issued an aggregate of 450,000 shares of common stock to consultants in consideration of services rendered. In
addition, in July 2023, we issued 49,855 shares of common stock to an unrelated third party, in consideration of a release from such
third party related to settlement of an outstanding debt between such third-party and Netcapital DE LLC. In July 2023, we issued 18,750
shares of our common stock in connection with our acquisition of a 10% interest in Caesar’s Media Group, Inc. We did not receive
any proceeds from these issuances. Such shares were issued pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

 

9

 

 

THE
OFFERING

 

Common
 Stock and common stock

purchase
 warrants
 offered by us:

Up
 to 14,705,882 shares of our common stock and common stock purchase warrants to purchase up to 29,411,764 shares of
 common stock. The shares of common stock and common stock purchase warrants are immediately separable and will be issued separately
 in this offering, but must be purchased together in this offering. Each common stock purchase warrant has an exercise price of $            per
 share of common stock and will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of the Warrant Stockholder Approval, provided, however,
 that, if the Pricing Conditions are satisfied, the common stock purchase warrants will be exercisable immediately (the date
 of initial exercisability of the common stock purchase warrants, the “Initial Exercise Date”). The series A-1
 common stock purchase warrants will expire five (5) years from the Initial Exercise Date, and the series A-2 common stock purchase
 warrants will expire eighteen (18) months from the Initial Exercise Date. See “Description of Securities.” You should
 also read the form of common stock purchase warrant, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of this prospectus
 forms a part.

 

 

Pre-funded
 warrants offered by us:

We
 are also offering to those purchasers, if any, whose purchase of the common stock in this
 offering would result in the purchaser, together with its affiliates and certain related
 parties, beneficially owning more than 4.99% (or at the election of the purchaser, 9.99%)
 of our outstanding common stock immediately following the consummation of this offering,
 the opportunity to purchase, if they so choose, up to 14,705,882 pre-funded warrants,
 in lieu of the common stock that would otherwise result in ownership in excess of 4.99% (or
 9.99%, as applicable) of our outstanding common stock.

 

The
 purchase price of each pre-funded warrant and accompanying common stock purchase warrants will equal the price per share of
 common stock and accompanying common stock purchase warrants being sold to the public in this offering, minus $0.001,
 and the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant will be $0.001 per share.

 

For
 each pre-funded warrant we sell, the number of shares of common stock we are offering will be decreased on a one-for-one basis. The
 number of warrants sold in this offering will not change as a result of a change in the mix of the common stock and pre-funded warrants
 sold.

 

Each
 pre-funded warrant will be immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time until exercised in full. See “Description
 of Securities.” You should also read the form of pre-funded warrant, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement
 of this prospectus forms a part. We are also registering 14,705,882 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the
 pre-funded warrants pursuant to this prospectus.

 

10

 

 

Common
 stock outstanding before the offering

9,459,132
 shares of common stock.

 

 

Common
 stock to be outstanding after the offering
(1)

 
24,165,014 
 
shares
 of common stock.

 

 

Use
 of proceeds

We
 estimate that the net proceeds to us from this offering will be approximately $4.29 million. We intend to use the net proceeds
 of this offering for sales and marketing, and for general working capital purposes. See “Use of Proceeds” on page
 27.

 

 

Risk
 factors

Investing
 in our securities is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information set forth
 in the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 13 before deciding to invest in our securities.

 

 

Trading
 symbol

Our
 common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol “NCPL”.
 We do not intend to apply for the listing of the pre-funded warrants or the common stock
 purchase warrants on any national securities exchange or other trading market. Without
 an active trading market, the liquidity of the pre-funded warrants and the common stock
 purchase warrants will be limited.

 

 

(1)

The
 number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 9,459,132 shares of our common stock outstanding
 as of December 14, 2023 (and assumed the $5 million gross proceeds is received based on an assumed offering price of $0.34
 per share), and excludes the following:

 

●

98,000
 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan;

 

 

●

2,202,000
 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options with a weighted average
 exercise price of $2.46 per share;

 

 

●

1,682,932
 shares of common stock underlying warrants having a weighted average exercise price of $5.03
 per share; 

 

 

●

12,500
 shares of common stock to be issued in connection with our acquisition of MSG Development Corp., of which 6,250 shares will be issued
 on each October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2025 and 

 

 

 ● 

 1,102,941 shares of common stock underlying the Placement
 Agent Warrants. 

 

Except
as otherwise indicated herein, all information in this prospectus reflects or assumes:

 

 

●

no
 exercise of the outstanding options or warrants to be issued described above;

 

 

 

 

●

no
 sale of any pre-funded warrants in this offering; and 

 

 

 

 

●

no
 exercise of the common stock purchase warrants and Placement Agent Warrants issued in this offering.

 

11

 

 

SELECTED
HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

 

The
following table presents our selected historical consolidated financial data for the periods indicated. The selected historical consolidated
financial data for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 are derived from our audited financial statements. The selected historical
financial data for the six-month periods ended October 31, 2023 and 2022 are derived from our unaudited financial statements.

 

Historical
results are included for illustrative and informational purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of results we expect in future
periods, and results of interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year. The data presented below should
be read in conjunction with, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere
in this prospectus.

 

 
 

Year Ended (1)
 
 

 
Six
 
 
Months Ended
 

Income Statement Data:
 

April
 30,
 2023
 
 

April
 30,
 2022
 
 

 
October 
 
31,

 2023
 
 

 
October
 
 
31,
 2022
 

 
Revenues
 
 

$
8,493,985
 
 

$
5,480,835
 
 

$
 
3,561,467
 
 
 

$
 
3,119,546
 
 

Cost of operations
 

$
6,222,109
 
 

$
6,511,981
 
 

$
 
4,258,267
 
 
 

$
 
2,777,711
 
 

Income (loss) from operations
 

$
2,271,876
 
 

$
(1,031,146
)
 

$
 
(696,800
 
)
 

$
 
341,835
 
 

Interest expense
 

$
(93,842
)
 

$
(126,372
)
 

$
 
(23,866
 
)
 

$
 
(59,290
 
)

Other income (expense)
 

$
1,630,938
 
 

$
5,205,048
 
 

$
 
(80,528
 
)
 

$
 
(292,220
 
)

Income (loss) before income taxes
 

$
3,808,972
 
 

$
4,047,530
 
 

$
 
(777,328
 
)
 

$
(232,523
)

Benefit (provision) for income taxes
 

$
(854,000
)
 

$
(544,000
)
 

$
 
625,289
 
 
 

$
 
198,000
 
 

Net income (loss)
 

$
2,954,972
 
 

$
3,503,530
 
 

$
 
(152,039
 
)
 

$
 
247,615
 
 

Per Share Data:
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Net income (loss) per share – basic
 

 
0.63
 
 

 
1.31
 
 

 
 
(0.02
 
)
 

 
 
0.07
 
 

Net income (loss) per share – diluted
 

 
0.63
 
 

 
1.27
 
 

 
 
(0.02
 
)
 

 
 
0.07
 
 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic
 

 
4,677,214
 
 

 
2,666,173
 
 

 
 
8,453,349
 
 
 

 
 
3,729,174
 
 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted
 

 
4,677,464
 
 

 
2,748,480
 
 

 
 
8,453,349
 
 
 

 
 
3,729,424
 
 

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow Data:
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Cash (used in) operating activities
 

$
(4,617,200
)
 

$
(3,006,667
)
 

$
 
(1,945,814
 
)
 

$
 
(2,054,600
 
)

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
 

$
200,000
 
 

$
(319,166
)
 

$
 
(20,000
 
 
)
 
 

$
200,000
 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
 

$
4,512,716
 
 

$
1,325,799
 
 

$
1,925,200
 
 

$
2,945,917
 

 

Balance
 Sheet Data:
 
 
 

 
October
 
 
31, 2023
 
(
Actual
)
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
October
 31, 2023
 
 
(As Adjusted)
(4)
 
 
 
 

Cash
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
528,827
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
4,816,844
 
 
 
 

Equity securities at fair value
(2)
 

$
24,491,821
 
 

$
24,491,821
 

Total assets
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
44,679,261
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
48,967,278
 
 
 
 

Total debt
(3)
 

$
2,435,124
 
 

$
2,435,124
 

Total stockholders’
 equity
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
39,127,561
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
43,415,578
 
 
 
 

 

 

(1)

We
 have an April 30 fiscal year end.

 

 

(2)

Investments
 are monitored for any changes in observable prices from orderly transactions.

 

 

(3)

Total
 debt includes two Small Business Administration (“SBA”), loans and a secured
 loan, covering substantially all of the Company’s assets, of $350,000 as of April 30,
 2023, which was paid in full in May 2023. A third SBA loan was forgiven during the year ended
 April 30, 2022, and the amount of forgiveness including accrued interest, totaling $1,904,302,
 is included in other income. We have applied for forgiveness of approximately $1.9 million
 of the outstanding SBA loans, which application we expect to be approved; however such forgiveness
 is at the discretion of the SBA and we cannot be sure of the timing or amount of such forgiveness.

 

 

 
(4)
 

The
 as adjusted column gives effect to the issuance of 14,705,882 shares of our common stock (assuming no sale of pre-funded warrants
 and no exercise of the common stock purchase warrants being offered in this offering) in this offering at an assumed offering price
 of $0.34 and the receipt of approximately $4.26 million in net proceeds after placement agent fees and estimated
 offering expenses.

 

12

 

 

RISK
FACTORS

 

Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information
contained in this prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes appearing at the end of this prospectus, before
making your decision to invest in our securities. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed in the risk factors below will
not occur. These risks could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows and, if so, our prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. If any of such events were to happen, the trading
price of our securities in any market that may develop for our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment.

 

Risks
Related to Our Need for Additional Capital

 

We
will need to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary
capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate operations.

 

Our
cash and cash equivalents at October 31, 2023 and December 14, 2023 were $528,827 and $104,999, respectively.
Assuming that we receive net proceeds of approximately $4.29 million from this offering (assuming an offering with gross proceeds
of $5.0 million), we believe that the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents, will meet
our capital needs for the next 18-months under our current business plan. Assuming that we receive net proceeds of approximately
$3.14 million from this offering (assuming an offering with gross proceeds of $3.75 million), we believe that the net proceeds
from this offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents, will satisfy our capital needs for the next 12-months
under our current business plan. Assuming that we receive net proceeds of approximately $2.0 million from this offering (assuming
an offering with gross proceeds of $2.5 million), we believe that the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash
and cash equivalents, will satisfy our capital needs for the next 6-months under our current business plan We will need to raise additional
capital from time to time to fund and expand our operations, either through sales of equity or debt securities, the sale of equity positions
in certain portfolio companies, entering into strategic partnership arrangements, or a combination of the foregoing. Our current business
plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. Raising
funds in the current economic environment may present additional challenges. Even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current
or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific strategic considerations.

 

Any
additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future
financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely
affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the
possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares of common stock to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible
securities may dilute our existing stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations,
and we may be required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations
on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact
our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise
at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or product
candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results and prospects.

 

 
Our
financial situation creates doubt whether we will continue as a going concern.
 

 
 
 

 
At
October 31, 2023, we had negative working capital of $1,131,275 and for the six months ended October 31, 2023, we had an operating loss
of $696,800 and net cash used in operating activities amounted to $1,965,814. There can be no assurances that we will be able to achieve
a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or additional financing through private placements, public
offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support our working capital requirements. Our management has recently reduced its operating
expenses and we have turned our focus to our funding portal business, which generates cash revenues and has seen a growth in revenues
on a year-to-year and quarter-to-quarter basis. We plan to continue operating with lower fixed overhead amounts and seek to raise money
from private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing. Our management has determined, based on its recent history and the negative
cash flow from operations, that it is unlikely that its plan will sufficiently alleviate or mitigate, to a sufficient level, the relevant
conditions or events noted above. To the extent that funds generated from any private placements, public offerings and/or bank financing,
if available, are insufficient, we will have to raise additional working capital. No assurance can be given that additional financing
will be available, or if available, will be on acceptable terms. Accordingly, our management has concluded that these conditions raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve its business
plan objectives or be able to achieve or maintain cash-flow-positive operating results. If we unable to generate adequate funds from
operations or raise sufficient additional funds, we may not be able to repay our existing debt, continue to operate our business network,
respond to competitive pressures or fund our operations. As a result, we may be required to significantly reduce, reorganize, discontinue
or shut down our operations.
 

 
 
 

 
This
offering is being made on a best efforts basis and we may sell fewer than all of the securities offered hereby and may receive significantly
less in net proceeds from this offering, which could require us to significantly reduce, reorganize, discontinue or shut down our operations.
.
 

 
 
 

 
This
offering is being made on a best efforts basis and we may sell fewer than all of the securities offered hereby and may receive
significantly less in net proceeds from this offering. Assuming that we receive net proceeds of approximately $4.29 million
from this offering (assuming an offering with gross proceeds of $5 million), we believe that the net proceeds from this
offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents, will meet our capital needs for the
next 18  months under our current business plan. However, in the event that we raise less than 75% of the maximum
amount offered (or an offering with less than $3.75 million of gross proceeds), we will have cash for less than 12-months which will not allow us to execute successfully under our current
business plan and could raise doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, since there is no minimum
investment amount required before we can access proceeds from this offering, you may be investing in an undercapitalized company
requiring us to significantly reduce, reorganize, discontinue or shut down our operations.
 

 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights.

 

We
may seek additional capital through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, strategic collaborations and alliances or licensing
arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity, convertible debt securities or other equity-based
derivative securities, your ownership interest will be diluted and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely
affect your rights as a stockholder. Any indebtedness we incur could involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability
to incur additional debt, acquire or license intellectual property rights, declare dividends, make capital expenditures and other operating
restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Furthermore, the issuance of additional securities, whether
equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If we raise additional
funds through strategic collaborations and alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable
to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. Adequate additional financing
may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.

 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Growth Strategy

 

We
have a limited operating history and our profits have been generated primarily by unrealized gains from equity securities we own in other
companies. Although we have been profitable, the likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties,
complications and delays frequently encountered by a small developing company.

 

We
were incorporated in the State of Utah in April 1984. We reported a net loss of $152,039 in the six-months ended October
31, 2023 and although we reported earnings in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the majority of our earnings came from unrealized
gains in equity securities that we own. These securities have observable prices but are not liquid. Furthermore, the likelihood of our
success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered by a small
developing company starting a new business enterprise and the highly competitive environment in which we will operate. Since we have
a limited operating history in our current line of business, we cannot assure you that our business will maintain profitability.

 

13

 

 

We
have substantial customer concentration, with a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our revenues.

 

We
have historically derived a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of our issuer customers For the six-month
period ended October 31, 2023, the Company had one customer that constituted 31% of revenues, a second customer
that constituted 31% of revenues and a third customer that constituted 11% of revenues. For the six-month period
ended October 31, 2022, the Company had one customer that constituted 67% of its revenues and a second customer that constituted
10% of its revenues. For the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company had one customer that constituted 25% of its revenues, and
four customers that each constituted 14% of its revenues. For the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company had one customer that constituted
22% of its revenues, a second customer that constituted 22% of its revenues, and a third customer that constituted 18% of its revenues.
There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of customers. It is not
possible for us to predict the future level of demand for our services that will be generated by these customers or new customers, or
the future demand for the products and services of these customers or new customers. If any of these customers experience declining or
delayed sales due to market, economic or competitive conditions, we could be pressured to reduce the prices we charge for our products
which could have an adverse effect on our margins and financial position and could negatively affect our revenues and results of operations
and/or trading price of our common stock.

 

Our
debt level could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and business prospects.

 

As
of October 31, 2023, we had approximately $2,435,124 of principal indebtedness outstanding and we have borrowed money on three
occasions from the SBA. Our level of debt could have significant consequences to our shareholders, including the following:

 

 

●

requiring
 the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to make payments on debt, thereby reducing the availability
 of cash flow for working capital, capital expenditures and other general business activities;

 

 

 

 

●

requiring
 a substantial portion of our corporate cash reserves to be held as a reserve for debt service, limiting our ability to invest in
 new growth opportunities;

 

 

 

 

●

limiting
 the ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate
 and other activities;

 

 

 

 

●

limiting
 the flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and industry in which we operate;

 

 

 

 

●

increasing
 our vulnerability to both general and industry-specific adverse economic conditions;

 

 

 

 

●

putting
 us at a competitive disadvantage vs. less leveraged competitors; and

 

 

 

 

●

increasing
 vulnerability to changes in the prevailing interest rates.

 

14

 

 

Our
ability to make payments of principal and interest, or to refinance our indebtedness, depends on our future performance, which is subject
to economic, financial, competitive and other factors. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow in the future to service our
debt because of factors beyond our control, including but not limited to our ability to market our products and expand our operations.
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as restructuring debt
or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will
depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage
in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. We repaid all outstanding principal
and accrued interest of $367,137 owed to Vaxstar LLC on May 25, 2023.

 

We
operate in a highly regulated industry.

 

We
are subject to extensive regulation and failure to comply with such regulation could have an adverse effect on our business. Further,
our subsidiary Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. is registered with the SEC as a funding portal. As a funding portal we have to comply
with stringent regulations, and the operation of our funding portal is frequently subject to examination, constraints on its business,
and in some cases fines. In addition, some of the restrictions and rules applicable to our subsidiary Netcapital Funding Portal Inc could
adversely affect and limit some of our business plans.

 

Our
funding portal’s service offerings are relatively new in an industry that is still quickly evolving
.

 

The
principal securities regulations that we work with, Rule 506(c) and Reg CF, have only been in effect in their current form since 2013
and 2016, respectively. Our ability to continue to penetrate the market remains uncertain as potential issuer companies may choose to
use different platforms or providers (including, in the case of Rule 506(c) and Reg A, using their own online platform), or determine
alternative methods of financing. Investors may decide to invest their money elsewhere. Further, our potential market may not be as large
as anticipated, or our industry may not grow as rapidly as anticipated. Success will likely be a factor of investing in the development
and implementation of marketing campaigns, repeat business from both issuer companies and investors, and favorable changes in the regulatory
environment.

 

We
may be liable for misstatements made by issuers in offerings through our funding portal.

 

Under
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, issuers making offerings through our funding portal may be liable for inappropriate disclosures,
including untrue statements of material facts or for omitting information that could make the statements misleading. This liability may
also extend in Reg CF offerings to funding portals, such as our subsidiary. Even though due diligence defenses may be available, there
can be no assurance that if we were sued, we would prevail. Further, even if we do succeed, lawsuits are time consuming and expensive,
and being a party to such actions may cause us reputational harm that would negatively impact our business. Moreover, even if we are
not liable or a party to a lawsuit or enforcement action, some of our clients have been and will be subject to such proceedings. Any
involvement we may have, including responding to document production requests, may be time-consuming and expensive as well.

 

We
operate in a regulatory environment that is evolving and uncertain.

 

The
regulatory framework for online capital formation or crowdfunding is very new. The regulations that govern our operations have been in
existence for a very few years. Further, there are constant discussions among legislators and regulators with respect to changing the
regulatory environment. New laws and regulations could be adopted in the United States and abroad. Further, existing laws and regulations
may be interpreted in ways that would impact our operations, including how we communicate and work with investors and the companies that
use our services and the types of securities that our clients can offer and sell on our platform.

 

We
have an evolving business model.

 

Our
business model is one of innovation, including continuously working to expand our product lines and services to our clients. For example,
we are evaluating an expansion into the broker-dealer space as well as our foray into becoming an ATS. It is unclear whether these services
will be successful. Further, we continuously try to offer additional types of services, and we cannot offer any assurance that any of
them will be successful. From time to time, we may also modify aspects of our business model relating to our service offerings. We cannot
offer any assurance that these or any other modifications will be successful or will not result in harm to the business. We may not be
able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results.

 

Our
compliance is focused on U.S. laws and we have not analyzed foreign laws regarding the participation of non-U.S. residents.

 

Some
of the investment opportunities posted on our platform are open to non-U.S. residents. We have not researched all the applicable foreign
laws and regulations, and we have not set up our structure to be compliant with foreign laws. It is possible that we may be deemed in
violation of those laws, which could result in fines or penalties as well as reputational harm. Any violation of foreign laws may limit
our ability in the future to assist companies in accessing money from those investors, and compliance with those laws and regulations
may limit our business operations and plans for future expansion.

 

15

 

 

Our
cash flow is reliant on one main type of service.

 

Most
of our cash-flow generating services are reliant on one type of service: providing a platform for online capital formation. Our
revenues are therefore dependent upon the market for online capital formation. As such, any downturn in the market for online capital
formation could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

 

We
depend on key personnel and face challenges recruiting needed personnel.

 

Our
future success depends on the efforts of a small number of key personnel, including our Founder and former CEO of our subsidiary,
Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, and our compliance, engineering and marketing
teams. Our software engineer team, our compliance team and our marketing team are critical to continually innovate and improve our products
while operating in a highly regulated industry. In addition, due to the specialized expertise required, we may not be able to recruit
the individuals needed for our business needs. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in attracting and retaining the personnel
we require to operate and be innovative.

 

We
will need to attract, train and retain additional highly qualified senior executives and technical and managerial personnel in the future.

 

We
continue to seek technical and managerial staff members, although we have limited resources to compensate them until we have raised additional
capital or developed a business that generates consistent cash flow from operations. We believe it is important to negotiate with potential
candidates and, if appropriate, engage them on a part-time basis or on a project basis and compensate them at least partially, with stock-based
compensation, when appropriate. There is a high demand for highly trained and managerial staff members. If we are not able to fill these
positions, it may have an adverse effect on our business.

 

We
are vulnerable to hackers and cyber-attacks.

 

As
an internet-based business, we may be vulnerable to hackers who may access and misappropriate the data of our investors and the
issuer companies that utilize our platform. Further, any significant disruption in service on our funding portal platform or in our computer
systems could reduce the attractiveness of our platform and result in a loss of investors and companies interested in using our platform.
Further, we rely on a third-party technology provider to provide some of our back-up technology and act as our escrow agent. Any
disruptions of services or cyber-attacks either on our technology provider, our third-party escrow agent, or on us could harm
our reputation and materially negatively impact our financial condition and business.

 

Our
funding portal relies on one escrow agent to hold investment commitments for issuers.

 

We
currently rely on Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First Citizens Bank to provide all escrow services related to offerings on our platform.
Any termination of this relationship will require us to find another escrow agent and escrow bank. This change may cause us delays
as well as additional costs in transitioning our technology. We are not allowed to operate our funding portal business without a qualified
third-party escrow bank. There are a limited number of banks that provide this service. As such, if our relationship with our escrow
agent is terminated, we may have difficulty finding a replacement which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations.

 

If
our subsidiary, Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., fails to comply with its obligations under the license agreement with Netcapital DE LLC
under which the technology to operate our funding portal is licensed to Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., we could lose rights necessary
to operate our funding portal which are important to our business and could result in material adverse effect on our business, financial
position and results of operations

 

Our
subsidiary, Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., has licensed the technology necessary to operate our funding portal under a perpetual,
worldwide and exclusive (in the funding portal market) license from our majority stockholder, Netcapital DE LLC, of which
Mr. Frishman, our Founder and former CEO of our subsidiary, owns a 29% interest. These rights are extremely important to our business.
If Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. fails to comply with any obligations under this license agreement, such license agreement may be subject
to termination in whole or in part, which could severely impact our ability to operate our funding portal which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.

 

In
addition, disputes may arise regarding the technology subject to the license agreement, including:

 

 

●

the
 scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues;

 

 

 

 

●

the
 extent to which our processes infringe on the technology of Netcapital DE LLC that is not subject to the license agreement;

 

 

 

 

●

the
 ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of technology by Netcapital DE LLC and us.

 

16

 

 

Disputes
over technology under the license agreement with Netcapital DE LLC may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current license
agreement on acceptable terms, and we may be unable to successfully operate our funding portal. In addition, any failure of Netcapital
DE LLC to service the technology subject to the license agreement or to operate its website could result in our inability to operate
our funding portal which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 

Netcapital
DE LLC relies on third-party software for the technology subject to the license agreement with Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. that may
be difficult to replace or which could cause errors or failures of our funding portal.

 

Netcapital
DE LLC relies on software licensed from third parties for the technology subject to the license agreement with Netcapital Funding Portal
Inc. This software may not continue to be available at reasonable prices or on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss by
Netcapital DE LLC of the right to use any of this software could significantly increase our expenses and otherwise result in delays in
the provisioning of our funding portal until equivalent technology is either developed by us or Netcapital DE LLC, or, if available,
is identified, obtained and integrated, which could harm our business. Any errors or defects in third-party software could result in
errors or a failure of our funding portal which could harm our business.

 

We
may not be able to protect all of our intellectual property.

 

Our
profitability may depend in part on our ability to effectively protect our proprietary rights, including obtaining trademarks for our
brand names, protecting our products and websites, maintaining the secrecy of our internal workings and preserving our trade secrets,
as well as our ability to operate without inadvertently infringing on the proprietary rights of others. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to obtain future protections for our intellectual property or defend our current trademarks and future trademarks and
patents. Further, policing and protecting our intellectual property against unauthorized use by third parties is time-consuming and expensive,
and certain countries may not even recognize our intellectual property rights. There can also be no assurance that a third party will
not assert infringement claims with respect to our products or technologies. Any litigation for both protecting our intellectual property
or defending our use of certain technologies could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition,
regardless of the outcome of such litigation.

 

Our
strategy to purchase a portion of early-stage companies may provide us with investments that have no liquidity.

 

It
is our strategy to sometimes purchase, at an affordable price, part or all of early-stage companies and cross pollinate the ideas, technology
and expertise within these companies to potentially enhance the operations and financial condition. That strategy may result
in us diverting management attention and advisory resources to do work for early-stage companies that pay for the work with equity, which
becomes impaired in value or never becomes a liquid asset. For all of these early-stage companies, the future liquidity and value of
our investments cannot be guaranteed, and no market may exist for us to generate gains from our investments in early-stage companies.

 

Our
business depends on the reliability of the infrastructure that supports the Internet and the viability of the Internet.

 

The
growth of Internet usage has caused frequent interruptions and delays in processing and transmitting data over the Internet. There can
be no assurance that the Internet infrastructure or the Company’s own network systems will continue to be able to support the demands
placed on it by the continued growth of the Internet, the overall online securities industry or that of our customers.

 

End-users
of our software depend on Internet Service Providers or ISPs, online service providers and our system infrastructure for access to the
Internet sites that we operate. Many of these services have experienced service outages in the past and could experience service outages,
delays and other difficulties due to system failures, stability or interruption. As a result, we may not be able to meet a level of service
that we have promised to our subscribers, and we may be in breach of our contractual commitments, which could materially adversely affect
our business, revenues, operating results and financial condition.

 

We
are dependent on general economic conditions.

 

Our
business model is dependent on investors investing in the companies presented on our platforms. Investment dollars are disposable income.
Our business model is thus dependent on national and international economic conditions. Adverse national and international economic conditions
may reduce the future availability of investment dollars, which would negatively impact our revenues and possibly our ability to continue
operations. It is not possible to accurately predict the potential adverse impacts on us, if any, of current economic conditions on our
financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 

17

 

 

We
face significant market competition.

 

We
facilitate online capital formation. Though this is a new market, we compete against a variety of entrants in the market as well as likely
new entrants into the market. Some of these follow a regulatory model that is different from ours and might provide them competitive
advantages. New entrants could include those that may already have a foothold in the securities industry, including some established
broker-dealers. Further, online capital formation is not the only way to address helping start-ups raise capital, and the Company has
to compete with a number of other approaches, including traditional venture capital investments, loans and other traditional methods
of raising funds and companies conducting crowdfunding raises on their own websites. Additionally, some competitors and future competitors
may be better capitalized than us, which would give them a significant advantage in marketing and operations.

 

Moreover,
as we continue to expand our offerings, including providing administrative services to issuers and transfer agent services, we will continue
to face headwinds and compete with companies that are more established and/or have more financial resources than we do and/or new entrants
bringing disruptive technologies and ideas.

 

Intense
competition could prevent us from increasing our market share and growing our revenues.

 

We
compete with a number of public and private companies and most of our competitors have significant financial resources and occupy entrenched
positions in the market with name-brand recognition. We also face challenges from new Internet sites that aim to attract subscribers
who seek to play interactive games or invest in public or private securities. Such companies may be able to attract significantly more
subscribers because of new marketing ideas and user interface concepts.

 

Increased
competition from current and future competitors may in the future materially adversely affect our business, revenues, operating results
and financial condition.

 

Our
future growth depends on our ability to develop and retain customers. 

 

Our
future growth depends to a large extent on our ability to effectively anticipate and adapt to customer requirements and offer services
that meet customer demands. If we are unable to attract new customers and/or retain new customers, our business, results of operations
and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.

 

Natural
disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us.

 

Natural
disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global economy,
and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power
shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events
could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers and could decrease demand for our services. Since
the spring of 2020, large segments of the U.S. and global economies were impacted by COVID-19, a significant portion of the U.S. population
were subject to “stay at home” or similar requirements. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial
performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, impact on our customers (both issuers
using our services and investors investing on our platform) and our sales cycles, impact on our customer, employee or industry events,
and effect on our vendors, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. At this point, the extent to which COVID-19 may impact
our financial condition or results of operations is uncertain. To date, the COVID-19 outbreak has significantly impacted global markets,
U.S. employment numbers, as well as the business prospects of many small businesses (our potential clients). A significant part of our
business model is based on receiving a percentage of the investments made through our platform and services. Further, we are dependent
on investments in our offerings to fund our business. However, to date, other than working remotely, COVID-19 has not had a negative
impact on the Company. While our business has not yet been impacted by COVID-19, to the extent COVID-19 continues and limits investment
capital or personally impacts any of our key employees, it may have a significant impact on our results and operations.

 

Our
revenues and profits are subject to fluctuations.

 

It
is difficult to accurately forecast our revenues and operating results, and these could fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors.
These factors may include adverse changes in: number of investors and amount of investors’ dollars, the success of world securities
markets, general economic conditions, our ability to market our platform to companies and investors, headcount and other operating costs,
and general industry and regulatory conditions and requirements. The Company’s operating results may fluctuate from year to year
due to the factors listed above and others not listed. At times, these fluctuations may be significant and could impact our ability to
operate our business. 

 

18

 

 

Acquisitions
may have unanticipated consequences that could harm our business and our financial condition.

 

Any
acquisition that we pursue, whether successfully completed or not, involves risks, including:

 

 

●

material
 adverse effects on our operating results, particularly in the fiscal quarters immediately following the acquisition as the acquired
 restaurants are integrated into our operations;

 

 

 

 

●

risks
 associated with entering into markets or conducting operations where we have no or limited prior experience;

 

 

 

 

●

problems
 retaining key personnel;

 

 

 

 

●

potential
 impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill acquired in the acquisition;

 

 

 

 

●

potential
 unknown liabilities;

 

 

 

 

●

difficulties
 of integration and failure to realize anticipated synergies; and

 

 

 

 

●

disruption
 of our ongoing business, including diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns.

 

Future
acquisitions may be accomplished through a cash purchase transaction, the issuance of our equity securities or a combination of both,
could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and impairment
charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets, any of which could harm our business and financial condition.

 

If
we do not effectively protect our customers’ credit and debit card data, or other personal information, we could be exposed to
data loss, litigation, liability and reputational damage.

 

In
connection with credit and debit card sales, we transmit confidential credit and debit card information by way of secure online networks.
Although we use private networks, third parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of the customer information
transmitted in connection with credit and debit card sales, and our security measures and those of our technology vendors may not effectively
prohibit others from obtaining improper access to this information. If a person were able to circumvent these security measures, he or
she could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our operations. Any security breach could expose us to risks of data loss,
litigation and liability and could seriously disrupt our operations and any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our
reputation.

 

We
could be harmed by improper disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential Company, employee, associate or customer data, including
personal data.

 

In
connection with the operation of our business, we plan to store, process and transmit data, including personal and payment information,
about our employees, customers, associates and candidates, a portion of which is confidential and/or personally sensitive. Unauthorized
disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential data may occur through a variety of methods. These include, but are not limited to, systems
failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or unauthorized access to or through our information systems, whether by our
employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers, members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored
organizations, who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs.

 

Such
disclosure, loss or breach could harm our reputation and subject us to government sanctions and liability under our contracts and laws
that protect sensitive or personal data and confidential information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. It is possible
that security controls over sensitive or confidential data and other practices we and our third-party vendors follow may not prevent
the improper access to, disclosure of, or loss of such information. The potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks may increase
as we introduce new services and offerings, such as mobile technology. Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules
and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions in which we provide services. Any failure or perceived failure
to successfully manage the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, or any
failure to comply with changing regulatory requirements in this area, could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation
in the marketplace.

 

19

 

 

We may be affected by adverse economic factors
outside of our control, including recession or the perception that recession may occur and international socio-political events.

 

An economic recession or slowdown in economic
activity may result from a new surge in the COVID-19 pandemic, from international events involving war or civil, political, or social
unrest, or from other factors outside of our control. For example, we have experienced losses related to the conflict between Russia
and Ukraine, and the conflict may expand, which could increase our potential exposures or have far-reaching impacts on the global economy.
Additionally, governmental, business and societal responses to such events, such as restrictions on public gatherings, sanctions, trade
restrictions, increased unemployment, and supply chain disruptions could worsen the impact of such events and could have an impact on
our business and on our customers’ businesses. Any such events could increase our probability of losses and could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

 

Failure
to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could adversely impact our business.

 

In
recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, chat platforms, social media websites,
and other forms of Internet based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested
persons. The rising popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of
information dissemination. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often
without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. Information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests
and/or may be inaccurate. The dissemination of information via social media could harm our business, reputation, financial condition,
and results of operations, regardless of the information’s accuracy. The damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity
for redress or correction.

 

In
addition, social media is frequently used to communicate with our customers and the public in general. Failure by us to use social media
effectively or appropriately, particularly as compared to our brands’ respective competitors, could lead to a decline in brand
value, customer visits and revenue. Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information,
negative comments about our brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious dissemination of false
information. The inappropriate use of social media by our customers or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result
in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.

 

Risks
Related to Receipt of Securities for Services

 

We
are not, and do not intend to become, regulated as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
“40 Act”) (and similar legislation in other jurisdictions) and if we are deemed an “investment company” under
the 40 Act applicable restrictions would make it impractical for us to operate as contemplated under our current business plan.

 

The
40 Act and the rules thereunder (and similar legislation in other jurisdictions) provide certain protections to investors and impose
certain restrictions on companies that are registered as investment companies. Among other things, such rules limit or prohibit transactions
with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities and impose certain governance requirements. We have
not been and do not intend to become regulated as an investment company and we intend to conduct our activities so we will not be deemed
to be an investment company under the 40 Act (and similar legislation in other jurisdictions). In order to ensure that we are not deemed
to be an investment company, we may be required to materially restrict or limit the scope of our operations or plans related to us, we
will be limited in the types of acquisitions that we may make and we may need to modify our organizational structure or dispose of assets
that we would not otherwise dispose of. Moreover, if anything were to happen which would potentially cause us to be deemed an investment
company under the 40 Act, it would be impractical for us to operate as intended pursuant to our platform and our business, financial
condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. Accordingly, we would be required to take extraordinary steps
to address the situation, such as the modification and restructuring of our platform, which would materially adversely affect our ability
to derive revenue

 

Our
consulting and advisory services are primarily paid for in restricted shares of stock of our customers, which are often private companies
with no established trading market for their securities.

 

For
our consulting and advisory services, payment is often made through equity securities of customers instead of cash. The securities issued
are in private companies with no established trading market for their securities. In the absence of a trading market, we may be unable
to liquidate our investment in these equity securities into cash or the value of these equity securities may decline, which will
result in the impairment or loss of our investment.

 

20

 

 

Risks
Related to Operation of our Proposed Secondary Trading Platform

 

We
will be dependent on a third-party for operation of our proposed secondary trading platform. Any disruption in the services provided
by such third-party provider could adversely affect our business.

 

In
January 2023, we entered into the Templum License Agreement, to provide issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform with the potential
for greater distribution and liquidity. Templum is a company that provides capital markets infrastructure for trading private equity
securities, and operates an ATS with approval in 53 U.S. states and territories for the trading of unregistered or private securities.
We are currently working with Templum on the design of the required software to enable issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform
the ability to access the Templum ATS in order to have the ability to engage in secondary trading of securities. We do not control the
operations of Templum or own the equipment used to provide such services. Further, the operation of the Templum ATS is subject to extensive
regulation and oversight. Accordingly, any regulatory delays or objections will result in delays in our ability to launch the proposed
platform. In addition, because we cannot easily switch between operators of secondary trading platforms of this nature, any disruption
of or interference, whether due to regulatory issues or natural disasters, cyber-attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications
failures, or other similar events, would impact our operations and may adversely affect the ability of issuers and investors to utilize
this platform. There is no obligation for Templum to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we
are unable to renew our agreements on commercially reasonable terms, we may be forced to identify another suitable operator or develop
our own secondary trading capabilities, and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing
so.

 

In
addition, Templum may take actions beyond our control that could seriously harm our business, including:

 

●
discontinuing
 or limiting our access to its platform;

 
 
 

●
increasing
 pricing terms;

 
 
 

●
terminating
 or seeking to terminate our contractual relationship altogether; and

 
 
 

●
modifying
 or interpreting its terms of service or other policies in a manner that impacts our ability
 to run our business and operations.

 

Our
customers may encounter difficulties with investing through our proposed secondary trading platform.

 

Institutions
and individual investors may face significant risk when buying securities on our proposed secondary trading platform. These risks include
the following:

 

 

●

private
 companies are not required to make periodic public filings, and therefore certain capitalization, operational and financial information
 may not be available for evaluation;

 

 

 

 

●

an
 investment may only be appropriate for investors with a long-term investment horizon and a capacity to absorb a loss of some or all
 of their investment;

 

 

 

 

●

the
 securities, when purchased, are generally highly illiquid, are often subject to further transfer restrictions, and no public market
 exists for such securities; and

 

 

 

 

●

transactions
 may fail to settle, which could harm our reputation.

 

We
may become involved in disputes or litigation matters between customers with respect to failed transactions on our proposed secondary
trading platform (such as in the event of delayed delivery or a failure to deliver securities).

 

We
may become involved in disputes and litigation matters between customers with respect to transactions on our proposed secondary trading
platform. There is a risk that clients may increasingly look to us to make them whole for delayed and/or broken trades. Customers may
litigate over a failure of sellers to deliver securities or over the untimely deliveries of securities. Any litigation to which we are
a party could be expensive and time consuming, regardless of the ultimate outcome, and the potential costs and risks of such litigation
may incentivize us to settle, which could harm our reputation or have a material adverse effect on our business or results or operations.

 

Failure
to launch our proposed secondary trading platform could result in continued lack of liquidity for investors in our target market. Should
this lack of liquidity cause reduced investor interest in investing in the unregistered or private securities offered by our clients,
they may be less inclined to use our platform which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

 

Lack
of liquidity is a key issue for investors in private companies as private markets lack a liquidity feature in our targeted market. If
we fail to launch our proposed secondary trading market, investors purchasing our clients’ securities may continue to have a lack
of liquidity. Should such continued illiquidity cause reduced investor interest in investing in unregistered or private securities, our
clients may be less inclined to use our funding platform and may seek additional alternatives for raising capital, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

 

21

 

 

Risk
Factors Related to the Common Stock and the Offering

 

Our
ability to have our securities traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market is subject to us meeting applicable listing criteria.

 

We
are currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, a national securities exchange. Nasdaq requires companies desiring to list their common
stock to meet certain listing criteria including total number of shareholders: minimum stock price, total value of public float, and
in some cases total shareholders’ equity and market capitalization. Our failure to meet such applicable listing criteria could
prevent us from listing our common stock on Nasdaq. In the event we are unable to have our shares traded on Nasdaq, our common stock
could potentially trade on the OTCQX or the OTCQB, each of which is generally considered less liquid and more volatile than Nasdaq. Our
failure to have our shares traded on the Nasdaq could make it more difficult for you to trade our shares, could prevent our common stock
trading on a frequent and liquid basis and could result in the value of our common stock being less than it would be if we were able
to list our shares on Nasdaq.

 

On
September 1, 2023, we received written notice from Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), as the
minimum bid price of our common stock had been below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5810, we have a period of 180-calendar days, or until February 8, 2024, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement.
To regain compliance, the closing bid price of our common stock must meet or exceed $1.00 per share for at least 10 consecutive business
days during this 180-calendar day period. In the event we do not regain compliance by February 8, 2024, we may be eligible for an additional
180-calendar day grace period so long as we meet The Nasdaq Capital Market continued listing requirement for market value of publicly-held
shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, other than the minimum closing bid price requirement and
notify Nasdaq in writing of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period, by effecting a reverse stock split,
if necessary. If we do not qualify for or fail to regain compliance during the second compliance period, then Nasdaq will notify us of
its determination to delist our common stock, at which point we would have an option to appeal the delisting determination to a Nasdaq
hearings panel. We intend to actively monitor the closing bid price of our common stock and may, if appropriate, consider implementing
available options to regain compliance with the minimum bid price under the Nasdaq Listing Rules.

 

If
we are unable to regain compliance with the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement and Nasdaq delists our common stock and warrants and
we are unable to obtain listing on another national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each
of which could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders:

 

 

●

the
 liquidity of our common stock;

 

 

 

  

●

the
 market price of our common stock;

 

 

 

 

●

our
 ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations;

 

 

 

 

●

the
 number of institutional and general investors that will consider investing in our common stock;

 

 

 

 

●

the
 number of investors in general that will consider investing in our common stock;

 

 

 

  

●

the
 number of market makers in our common stock;

 

 

 

  

●

the
 availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our common stock; and

 

 

 

  

●

the
 number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in shares of our common stock.

 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with Nasdaq’s continued listing standards, a failure of which could result in
a delisting of our common stock and warrants
.

 

Our
common stock and certain warrants are currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “NCPL and “NCPLW “,
respectively. There is no assurance that we will be able to comply with such applicable listing standards. Nasdaq requires that the trading
price of a company’s listed stock on Nasdaq remain above one dollar in order for such stock to remain listed. If a listed stock
trades below one dollar for more than 30 consecutive trading days, then it is subject to delisting from Nasdaq. In addition, to maintain
a listing on Nasdaq, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding
director independence and independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders’ equity, and certain corporate governance requirements.
If we are unable to satisfy these requirements or standards, we could be subject to delisting, which would have a negative effect on
the price of our common stock and warrants and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so.
In the event of a delisting, we would expect to take actions to restore our compliance with the listing requirements, but we can provide
no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve
the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the minimum bid price requirement, or prevent future
non-compliance with the listing requirements.

 

Concentration
of ownership among our majority stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions.

 

As
of December 14, 2023, Netcapital DE LLC, our majority stockholder, beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 18% of
our outstanding shares of common stock (of which Mr. Frishman owns a 29% interest) and assuming 14,705,882 shares are sold in
this offering will continue to own 7.1 % of our outstanding shares of common stock following this offering. As a result, this
stockholder will be able to exercise a significant level of control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election
of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. This control could have
the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or changes in management and will make the approval of certain
transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. 

 

This
is a best efforts offering, no minimum amount of securities is required to be sold, and we may not raise the amount of capital we believe
is required for our business plans, including our near-term business plans.

 

 
The
placement agent has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the securities in this offering. The placement
agent has no obligation to buy any of the securities from us or to arrange for the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar
amount of the securities.
 
 There is no required
minimum number of securities that must be sold as a condition to completion of this offering. Because there is no minimum offering amount
required as a condition to the closing of this offering, the actual offering amount, placement agent fees and proceeds to us are
not presently determinable and may be substantially less than the maximum amounts set forth herein. We may sell fewer than all of the
securities offered hereby, which may significantly reduce the amount of proceeds received by us, and investors in this offering will
not receive a refund in the event that we do not sell an amount of securities sufficient to support our continued operations, including
our near-term continued operations. Thus, we may not raise the amount of capital we believe is required for our operations in the short-term
and may need to raise additional funds to complete such short-term operations. Such additional fundraises may not be available or available
on terms acceptable to us.

 

22

 

 

We
are selling a substantial number of shares of our common stock in this offering, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline
.

 

In
this offering, we are offering up to 14,705,882 shares of common stock (assuming no purchase of pre-funded warrants) and common
stock warrants to purchase up to 29,411,764 shares of common stock. The existence of the potential additional shares of our
common stock in the public market, or the perception that such additional shares may be in the market, could adversely affect the price
of our common stock. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of those shares of common stock or the availability of those
shares of common stock for sale will have on the market price of our common stock.

 

There
is no public market for the common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants being sold in this offering.

 

There
is no established public trading market for the common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants being sold in this
offering. We will not list the common stock purchase warrants or the pre-funded warrants on any securities exchange or nationally
recognized trading system, including Nasdaq. Therefore, we do not expect a market to ever develop for the common stock purchase warrants
and the pre-funded warrants. Without an active market, the liquidity of the common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded
warrants will be limited.

 

The
common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants are speculative in nature.

 

The
common stock purchase warrants and the
 pre-funded
warrants do not confer any rights of common stock ownership on their respective holders, such as voting rights or the right to receive
dividends, but rather merely represent the right to acquire shares of common stock at a fixed price. Commencing on the date of issuance,
holders of the common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants may exercise their right to acquire the common stock
and pay the stated exercise price per share.

 

The
common stock purchase warrants are not exercisable until stockholder approval, provided however, if the Pricing Conditions are satisfied,
the warrants will be exercisable immediately.

 

The
common stock purchase warrants will have an exercise price of $ per share and will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of
the Warrant Stockholder Approval, provided, however, that, if the Pricing Conditions are satisfied, the common stock purchase
warrants will be exercisable immediately (the date of initial exercisability of the common stock purchase warrants, the “Initial
Exercise Date”). The series A-1 warrants will expire on the five (5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date and the series
A-2 warrants will expire on the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date.

 

While
we intend to promptly seek Warrant Stockholder Approval, there is no guarantee that the Warrant Stockholder Approval will ever be obtained.
If we are unable to obtain the Warrant Stockholder Approval, the common stock purchase warrants may have no value.

 

Holders
of our common stock purchase warrants and pre-funded warrants will have no rights as a common stockholder until such holders exercise
their common stock purchase warrants or pre-funded warrants and acquire our common stock, except as otherwise provided in the
common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants.

 

Until
holders of the common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants acquire shares of our common stock upon exercise thereof,
holders of the common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants will have no rights with respect to the shares of our
common stock, except as otherwise provided in the common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants. Upon exercise of
the common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants, such holders will be entitled to exercise the rights of a common
stockholder only as to matters for which the record date occurs after the exercise date.

 

Purchasers
who purchase our securities in this offering pursuant to a securities purchase agreement may have rights not available to purchasers
that purchase without the benefit of a securities purchase agreement.

 

In
addition to rights and remedies available to all purchasers in this offering under federal securities and state law, the purchasers that
enter into a securities purchase agreement will also be able to bring claims of breach of contract against us. The ability to pursue
a claim for breach of contract provides those investors with the means to enforce the covenants uniquely available to them under the
securities purchase agreement including: (i) timely delivery of shares; (ii) agreement to not enter into variable rate financings for
one year from closing, subject to an exception; (iii) agreement to not enter into any financings for 60 days from closing, subject to
certain exceptions; and (iv) indemnification for breach of contract.

 

We
do not expect to pay dividends and investors should not buy our common stock expecting to receive dividends.

 

We
have not paid any dividends on our common stock in the past, and do not anticipate that we will declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable
future. Consequently, you will only realize an economic gain on your investment in our common stock if the price appreciates. You should
not purchase our common stock expecting to receive cash dividends. Since we do not pay dividends then you should not anticipate receiving
any payment on your investment. Therefore, our failure to pay dividends may cause you to not see any return on your investment even if
we are successful in our business operations. In addition, because we do not pay dividends, we may have trouble raising additional funds,
which could affect our ability to expand our business operations.

 

We
may conduct future offerings of our securities and pay debt obligations with our common stock which may diminish our investors’
pro rata ownership and depress our stock price.

 

We
reserve the right to make future offers and sales, either public or private, of our securities, including shares of our common stock
or securities convertible into common stock at prices differing from the price of the common stock previously issued. In the event that
any such future sales of securities are affected or we use our common stock to pay principal or interest on our debt obligations, an
investor’s pro rata ownership interest may be reduced to the extent of any such future sales.

 

Our
management will have immediate and broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from this offering and we may use the net proceeds
in ways with which you disagree.

 

The
net proceeds from this offering will be immediately available to our management to use at their discretion. We intend to use the net
proceeds of this offering for sales and marketing, and for general working capital purposes. See “Use
of Proceeds.” Our management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from this offering and could spend
the proceeds in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our securities. You will be relying on the
judgment of our management with regard to the use of these net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment
decision, to assess whether the net proceeds are being used appropriately. It is possible that the net proceeds will be invested in a
way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for us. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result
in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 

23

 

 

The
market price of our common stock is highly volatile and could be subject to volatility related or unrelated to our operations.

 

You
should consider an investment in our securities to be risky, and you should invest in our securities only if you can withstand a significant
loss and wide fluctuations in the market value of your investment. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to
fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this “Risk Factors” section and elsewhere in this prospectus, are:

 

 

●

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in quarterly funding portal revenues or operating results, whether in our operations or in those of our
 competitors;

 

●

changes
 in financial estimates or opinions by research analysts, either with respect to us or other fintech companies;

 

●

our
 failure to accelerate user growth or new issuer growth;

 

●

any
 failure to meet investor or analyst expectations;

 

●

the
 public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and our filings with the SEC;

 

●

actual
 or anticipated changes in domestic or worldwide economic, political or market conditions, such as recessions;

 

●

changes
 in the consumer spending environment;

 

●

terrorist
 acts;

 

●

changes
 in laws or regulations, or new interpretations or applications of laws and regulations, that are applicable to our business;

 

●

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles;

 

●

short
 sales, hedging and other derivative transactions in the shares of our common stock;

 

●

future
 sales or issuances of our common stock, including sales or issuances by us, our directors or executive officers and our significant
 stockholders;

 

●

our
 dividend policy;

 

●

changes
 in the market valuations of other restaurant companies;

 

●

actions
 by stockholders;

 

●

various
 market factors or perceived market factors, including rumors, involving us, our vendors and clients, whether accurate or not;

 

●

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new locations, menu items, technological advances, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
 divestitures, joint ventures or other strategic initiatives; and

 

●

a
 loss of a key member of management.

 

The
stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual
companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock in any market that develops for
it. In addition, our stock price may be influenced by trading activity in our common stock as a result of market commentary (including
commentary that may be unreliable or incomplete in some cases); changes in expectations about our business, our creditworthiness or investor
confidence generally; or actions by stockholders and others seeking to influence our business strategies.

 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, stockholders have instituted class action
securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management
attention and resources, which would significantly harm our profitability and reputation.

 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our securities. 

 

 
Effective
June 30, 2020, the SEC implemented Regulation Best Interest requiring that “A broker, dealer, or a natural person who is an associated
person of a broker or dealer, when making a recommendation of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities
(including account recommendations) to a retail customer, shall act in the best interest of the retail customer at the time the recommendation
is made, without placing the financial or other interest of the broker, dealer, or natural person who is an associated person of a broker
or dealer making the recommendation ahead of the interest of the retail customer.” This is a significantly higher standard for
broker-dealers to recommend securities to retail customers than before under FINRA “suitability rules. FINRA suitability rules
do still apply to institutional investors and require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable
grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending securities to their customers, broker-dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer’s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and
other information, and for retail customers determine the investment is in the customer’s “best interest.” and meet
other SEC requirements. Both SEC Regulation Best Interest and FINRA’s suitability requirements may make it more difficult for broker-dealers
to recommend that their customers buy speculative, low-priced securities. They may effect investing in our common stock or our warrants,
which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our securities. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing
to make a market in our common stock or our warrants, reducing a stockholder’s ability to resell shares of our common stock and
warrants.
 

 

24

 

 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they
change their recommendations regarding our securities adversely, the price of our common stock or warrants and trading volume could decline.

 

The
trading market for our common stock may be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about
us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our securities
adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our common stock or warrants would
likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us was to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could
lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price of our common stock or warrants or trading volume to decline.

 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock following this offering may adversely affect the market price of our common stock
and the issuance of additional shares will dilute all other stockholders.

 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or otherwise following this offering, or the perception that
such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. After completion of this offering and the issuance
of the common stock (assuming the maximum amount of $5 million is raised at the assumed offering price of $0.34 per share) there
will be 24,165,014 shares of our common stock outstanding. In addition, our articles of incorporation permit the issuance of up
to 900,000,000 total shares of common stock. Thus, we could issue substantial amounts of common stock in the future, which would dilute
the percentage ownership held by the investors who purchase shares of our common stock in this offering.

 

Our
issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options granted under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan may dilute all other stockholders.

 

We
have issued options to purchase 2,202,000 shares of common stock under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan and we expect to issue options to purchase the remaining 98,000 shares of common stock in the future to officers, directors, employees
and consultants under our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. Any such issuances of common stock underlying stock options may cause stockholders
to experience dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline.

 

Our
compliance with complicated U.S. regulations concerning corporate governance and public disclosure is expensive and diverts management’s
attention from our core business, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

 

As
a publicly reporting company, we are faced with expensive, complicated and evolving disclosure, governance and compliance laws, regulations
and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act, and, following
this offering, Nasdaq rules. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the applicable rules and regulations, our management’s
attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We may need to hire more personnel in the future or engage outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses, to assist
us in complying with these requirements.

 

In
addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for
public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations
and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application
in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty
regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to
invest substantial resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general
and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from business operations to compliance activities.
If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies
due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our
business may be harmed. 

 

25

 

 

Failure
to maintain effective internal control over our financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could cause
our financial reports to be inaccurate.

 

We
are required pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (“Section 404”), to maintain internal control over financial
reporting and to assess and report on the effectiveness of those controls. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses
identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. Although we prepare our financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, our internal accounting controls may not meet all standards applicable
to companies with publicly traded securities. If we fail to implement any required improvements to our disclosure controls and procedures,
we may be obligated to report control deficiencies in which case, we could become subject to regulatory sanction or investigation. Further,
these outcomes could damage investor confidence in the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements.

 

Claims
for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us
and may reduce the amount of money available to us.

 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted
by Utah law.

 

In
addition, as permitted by the Utah Business Corporation Act, our bylaws and the indemnification agreements that we have entered into
with our directors and officers provide that:

 

●

we
 will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request,
 to the fullest extent permitted by Utah law. Utah law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted
 in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and,
 with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person’s conduct was unlawful;

 

 

●

we
 may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law;

 

 

●

we
 are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that
 such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled
 to indemnification;

 

 

●

we
 will not be obligated pursuant to our bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us
 or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors (“Board”), or brought
 to enforce a right to indemnification;

 

 

●

the
 rights conferred in our bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors,
 officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons; and

 

 

●

we
 may not retroactively amend our bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and
 agents.

 

Limitations
on liability and indemnification matters.

 

As
permitted by the corporate laws of the state of Utah, our articles of incorporation include a provision to eliminate the personal liability
of our directors for monetary damages for breach or alleged breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, subject to certain exceptions.
In addition, our bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our officers and directors under certain circumstances, including those
circumstances in which indemnification would otherwise be discretionary, and we will be required to advance expenses to our officers
and directors as incurred in connection with proceedings against them for which they may be indemnified. If we are required to indemnify,
both for the costs of their defense in any action or to pay monetary damages upon a finding of a court or in any settlement, our business
and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

 

26

 

 

USE
OF PROCEEDS 

 

We
estimate that the net proceeds from sale of shares of common stock offered by us in this offering will be approximately $4.29
million (assuming an offering with gross proceeds of $5.0 million), assuming all shares of common stock offered are sold, after deducting
the placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by us. However, because this is a best efforts offering and there
is no minimum offering amount required as a condition to the closing of this offering, the actual offering amount, the placement agent’s
fees and net proceeds to us are not presently determinable and may be substantially less than the maximum amounts set forth on the
cover page of this prospectus.

 
 
 

 
The
following presents our use of proceeds if 100%, 75%, 50% or 25% of the securities in this offering are sold.
 

   

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
100%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
%
 of
 

 
Total
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
75%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
%
 of
 

 
Total
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
50%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
%
 of
 

 
Total
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
25%
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
%
 of
 

 
Total
 
 
 
 

 
Gross
 Proceeds from Offering
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
5,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
100.0
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
3,750,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
100.0
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
2,500,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
100.0
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
1,250,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
100.0
 
 
%
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Use of Proceeds
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Placement Agent Fees and
 Expenses
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
540,950
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
10.82
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
434,700
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
11.59
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
328,450
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
13.74
 
 
%.
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
222,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
17.76
 
 
%
 

 
Offering Expenses
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
171,033
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
3.42
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
171,033
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
4.56
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
171,033
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
6.84
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
171,033
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
13.68
 
 
%
 

 
Sales and marketing
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
1,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
20.00
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
500,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
13.33
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
250,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
10
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
--
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
--%
 
 
 
 

 
General working capital
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
3,288,017
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
65.76
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
2,644,267
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
70.52
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
1,750,517
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
70.02
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
8,356,967
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
68.56
 
 
%
 

 
Total
 Use of Proceeds
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
   
5,000,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
100.0
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
   
3,750,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
100.0
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
   
2,500,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
100.0
 
 
%
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
   
1,250,000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
100.0
 
 
%
 

 

The
common stock purchase warrants issued in this offering will be exercisable commencing on the date that Warrant Stockholder Approval is
obtained, if at all, provided, however, that, if the Pricing Conditions are satisfied, then the common stock purchase warrants
will be immediately exercisable. There is no guarantee that the Warrant Stockholder Approval will ever be obtained. In the event that
we are unable to obtain Warrant Stockholder Approval, the common stock purchase warrants will not be exercisable and we will not receive
any proceeds in connection with the exercise of the common stock purchase warrants, provided, however, that, if the Pricing Conditions
are satisfied, then the common stock purchase warrants will be immediately exercisable.

 

We
intend to use the net proceeds of this offering for sales and marketing, and for general working
capital purposes.
We believe opportunities may exist from time to time to expand our current business through acquisitions or investments. While we have
no current agreements, commitments or understandings for any specific acquisitions or investments, we may use a portion of the net proceeds
for these purposes.

 

 Assuming that we receive net proceeds of approximately
$4.29 million from this offering (assuming an offering with gross proceeds of $5.0 million), we believe that the net proceeds from this
offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents, will meet our capital needs for the next 18-months under our current
business plan. Assuming that we receive net proceeds of approximately $3.12 million from this offering (assuming an offering with gross
proceeds of $3.75 million), we believe that the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents,
will satisfy our capital needs for the next 12-months under our current business plan. Assuming that we receive net proceeds of approximately
$1.98 million from this offering (assuming an offering with gross proceeds of $2.5 million), we believe that the net proceeds from this
offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents, will satisfy our capital needs for the next 6-months under our current
business plan. 

 

This
expected use of the net proceeds from this offering represents our intentions based upon our current plans and business conditions. Pending
our application of the net proceeds from this offering, we intend to invest the net proceeds in a variety of capital preservation investments,
including short-term, investment grade, interest bearing instruments and U.S. government securities.

 

27

 

 

MARKET
FOR OUR SECURITIES

 

Market
Information

 

Shares
of our common stock and our warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “NCPL” and “NCPLW”.

 

Holders

 

As
of December 14, 2023, there were 270 holders of record of our common stock and the last reported sale price of our common stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market was $ 0.34 per share on December 13, 2023.

 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar

 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Equity Stock Transfer LLC with its business address at 237 W 37
th
 Street,
Suite 602, New York, NY 10018. Its telephone number is (212) 575-5757 and its email address is info@equitystock.com.

 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

 

We
currently have 300,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuances under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. As of December 14,
2023, there are 252,000 options outstanding to purchase our common stock. The weighted average exercise price of these options is $10.50,
the average term when issued was ten years and the options vest monthly on a straight-line basis over a 48-month period. In addition,
we currently have 2,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuances under our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. As of December
14, 2023, there are 1,950,000 options outstanding to purchase our common stock. The weighted average exercise price of these options
is $1.42, the average term when issued was ten years and the options vest monthly on a straight-line basis over a 48-month period. 

 

28

 

 

DIVIDEND
POLICY

 

We
have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common
stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion
of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon a
number of factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions
imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. There are currently no restrictions that limit our
ability to declare cash dividends on our common stock.

 

CAPITALIZATION

 

The
following table sets forth our capitalization:

 

 

●

 
on an actual basis as of October 31, 2023; and
 

 

●

on
 an as adjusted basis to give effect to the issuance and sale by us of 14,705,882 shares of common stock at an assumed public
 offering price of $0.34 per share and accompanying common stock purchase warrants (assuming no sale of pre-funded warrants
 or exercise of the common stock purchase warrants being offered in this offering) and the receipt of $4,288,017 in aggregate
 net proceeds after deducting the placement agent fees and estimated offering costs payable by us.

 

 
 

As
 of October 31, 2023
 

Capitalization
 in U.S. Dollars
 

Actual
 
 

As
 Adjusted 
(1)
 

Cash
 

$
 
528,827
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
4,816,844
 
 

Current Debt
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

SBA loans
 

$
1,885,800
 
 

$
1,885,800
 

Related party loans
 

 
15,000
 
 

 
15,000
 

Bank loan
 

 
34,324
 
 

 
34,324
 

Long-term debt
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

SBA Loans
 

 
500,000
 
 

 
500,000
 

Total Debt
 

 
2,435,124
 
 

 
2,435,124
 

Shareholders’ Equity
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Common stock, $.001 par value,
 900,000,000 authorized 9,459,132 and 24,165,014 shares issued and outstanding on an actual, pro forma and pro forma as adjusted
 basis, respectively
 

 
9,459
 
 

 
 
24,165
 
 

Shares to be issued
 

 
 
122,124
 
 
 

 
 
122,124
 
 

Additional paid-in capital
 

 
 
33,682,137
 
 
 

 
 
37,955,448
 
 

Retained earnings
 

 
 
5,313,841
 
 
 

 
 
5,313,841
 
 

Total shareholders’ equity
 

 
 
39,127,561
 
 
 

 
 
43,415,578
 
 

Total capitalization
 

$
 
42,091,512
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
50,667,546
 
 

 

(1)

The
 number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 9,459,132 shares of our common stock outstanding
 as of December 14, 2023, excludes the following:

 

29

 

 

 

●

98,000
 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan;

 

 

 

 

●

252,000
 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options with an exercise price of $10.50 per share;

 

 

 

  

●

1,950,000
 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options with an exercise price of $1.42 per share; 

 

 

 

 

●

12,500
 shares of common stock in connection with our acquisition of MSG Development Corp., of which 6,250 shares will be issued on each
 of October 31, 2024 and October 31, 2025; and 

 

 

 

 
 
 

 
●
 

 
1,102,9441
 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants; and
 

 

Except
as otherwise indicated herein, all information in this prospectus reflects or assumes:

 

 

●

no
 exercise of the outstanding options or warrants to be issued described above; and

 

 

 

  

●

no
 exercise of the common stock purchase warrants and Placement Agent Warrants being offered in this offering.

 

Each
$0.30 increase (decrease) in the assumed public offering price of $ 0.34 per share and accompany common stock purchase warrant
would increase (decrease) the as adjusted amount of each of cash and cash equivalents, working capital, total assets and total stockholders’
equity by approximately $ 4,037,000 and $(4,081,000), respectively, assuming that the number of shares offered by us, as
set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering
expenses payable by us. Similarly, each increase (decrease) of 100,000 shares in the number of shares offered by us at the assumed public
offering price of $ 0.34 per share and accompanying common stock purchase warrants would increase (decrease) the as adjusted amount
of each of cash and cash equivalents, working capital, total assets and total stockholders’ equity by approximately $31,110. 

 

30

 

 

OUR
BUSINESS

 

Company
Overview

 

Netcapital
Inc. is a fintech company with a scalable technology platform that allows private companies to raise capital online from accredited and
non-accredited investors. We give all investors the opportunity to access investments in private companies. Our model is disruptive to
traditional private equity investing, which is based on Title III, Reg CF of the JOBS Act. In addition, we have recently expanded our
model to include Reg A offerings. We generate fees from listing private companies on our funding portal located at www.netcapital.com.
We also generate fees from advising companies with respect to their Reg A offerings posted on www.netcapital.com. Our consulting group,
Netcapital Advisors provides marketing and strategic advice in exchange for cash fees and/or equity positions. Neither Netcapital
Advisors, nor any Netcapital entity, is a broker-dealer, nor do any of such entities operate as a broker-dealer with respect to any Reg
A offering listed on the www.netcapital.com website. The Netcapital funding portal is registered with the SEC, is a member of FINRA,
and provides investors with opportunities to invest in private companies.

 

Our
Business

 

We
provide private companies with access to investments from accredited and non-accredited retail investors through our online portal located
at www.netcapital.com, which is operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Netcapital Funding Portal, Inc. The Netcapital funding portal
charges a $5,000 to $10,000 engagement fee a 4.9% success fee for capital raised at closing, and in certain instances a fee payable in
equity from the issuer. In addition, the portal generates fees for other ancillary services, such as rolling closes. Netcapital Advisors
generates fees and equity stakes from consulting in select portfolio and non-portfolio clients. With respect to its services for Reg
A offerings, Netcapital Advisors charges a monthly flat fee for each month the offering is listed on the netcapital.com website as well
as a nominal administrative flat fee for each investor that is processed on our website to cover out-of-pocket costs. We generated revenues
of $3,561,467, with costs of service of $38,187, in the six months ended October 31, 2023 for a gross profit
of $3,523,280 (consisting of $2,626,667 in equity securities for payment of services and $934,000 in cash-based
revenues, offset by $38,187 for costs of services) in the six months ended October 31, 2023 as compared
to revenues of $3,119,546 with costs of service of $57,298 in the six months ended October 31, 2022 for a
gross profit of $3,062,248 (consisting of $2,425,000 in equity securities for the payment of services and $694,546
in cash-based revenues, offset by $57,298 for costs of services) in the six months ended October 31, 2022.
Our cash-based gross profits as a percentage of gross profits were approximately 2% and 2%, respectively in the six
month periods ended October 31, 2023 and 2022, collected from two (2) and one (3) entities (for which we performed
administrative services) in which we own equity during such periods We generated revenues of $8,493,985, with costs of services of $85,038,
in the year ended April 30, 2023 for a gross profit of $8,408,947 (consisting of $7,105,000 in equity securities for payment of services
and $1,388,985 in cash based revenues, offset by $85,038 for costs of services) in in the year ended April 30, 2023 as compared to revenues
of $5,480,835 with costs of services of $110,115 in the year ended April 30, 2022 for a gross profit of $5,370,720 (consisting of $3,375,000
in equity securities as payment for services and $2,105,835 in cash-based revenues, offset by 110,115 for costs of services) in the year
ended April 30, 2022. Our cash based gross profits as a percentage of gross profits were approximately 1.64% and 0.93%, respectively,
in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, which were collected from two (2) and one (1) entities (for which we performed administrative
services) in which we own equity during such periods. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, the average amount raised in an offering on the Netcapital
funding portal was $128,170 and $369,478, respectively. The total number of offerings on the Netcapital funding portal in fiscal 2023
and 2022 that closed was 63 and 81, respectively, of which 13 and 17 offerings hosted on the Netcapital funding platform in fiscal 2023
and 2022, respectively terminated their listings without raising the required minimum dollar amount of capital. As of the date of this
prospectus, we own minority equity positions in 19 portfolio companies that have utilized the funding portal to facilitate their offerings,
which equity was received as payment for services.

 

Funding
Portal

 

 
Netcapital
Funding Portal, Inc.
 
 is an SEC-registered funding
portal that enables private companies to raise capital online, while investors are able to invest from almost anywhere in the world,
at any time, with just a few clicks. Securities offerings on the Netcapital funding portal are accessible through individual offering
pages, where companies include product or service details, market size, competitive advantages, and financial documents. Companies can
accept investment from anyone, including friends, family, customers, employees, etc. Customer accounts on our platform will not be permitted
to hold digital securities.

 

In
addition to access to the funding portal, the Netcapital funding portal provides the following services:

 

●
a fully automated onboarding process;

●
automated filing of required regulatory documents;

●
compliance review;

●
custom-built offering page on our website;

●
third party transfer agent and custodial services;

●
email marketing to our proprietary list of investors;

●
rolling closes, which provide potential access to liquidity before final close date of offering

●
assistance with annual filings; and

●
direct access to our team for ongoing support.

 

Consulting
Business

 

Our
consulting group, Netcapital Advisors, helps companies at all stages to raise capital. Advisors provides strategic advice, technology
consulting and online marketing services to assist with fundraising campaigns on the Netcapital platform. We also act as an incubator
and accelerator, taking equity stakes in select disruptive start-ups. In the instances where we take equity stakes in a company, such
interests are of the same class of securities that are offered on the Netcapital platform.

 

31

 

 

Netcapital
Advisors’ services include:

 

●
incubation of technology start-ups;

●
investor introductions;

●
digital marketing;

●
website design, software and software development;

●
message crafting, including pitch decks, offering pages, and ad creation;

●
strategic advice; and

●
technology consulting

 

Valuation
Business

 

Our
valuation group, MSG Development Corp., prepares valuations.

 

The
valuation services include:

 

●
business valuations;

●
fairness and solvency opinions;

●
ESOP feasibility and valuation;

●
non-cash charitable contributions;

●
economic analysis of damages;

●
intellectual property appraisals; and

●
compensation studies.

 

Regulatory
Overview

 

In
an effort to enhance economic growth and to democratize access to private investment opportunities, Congress finalized the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act (JOBS Act) in 2016. Title III of the JOBS Act enabled early-stage companies to offer and sell securities to
the general public for the first time. The SEC then adopted Reg CF in order to implement the JOBS Act’s crowdfunding provisions.

 

Reg
CF has several important features that changed the landscape for private capital raising and investment. For the first time, this regulation:

 

 

●

Allowed
 the general public to invest in private companies, no longer limiting early-stage investment opportunities to less than 10% of the
 population;

 

 

 

  

●

Enabled
 private companies to advertise their securities offerings to the public (general solicitation); and

 

 

 

  

●

Conditionally
 exempted securities sold under Section 4(a)(6) from the registration requirements of the Exchange Act.

 

The
SEC had also adopted rules to implement Section 401 of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act by expanding Reg A into two tiers:

 

 

●

Tier
 1, for securities offerings of up to $20 million in a 12-month period; and

 

 

 

  

●

Tier
 2, for securities offerings of up to $75 million in a 12-month period.

 

In
addition, Reg A allows companies that are subject to the ongoing reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act to
use Reg A. Further, Reg A also enables issuers to raise funds from non-accredited investors and accredited investors.

 

Our
Market

 

The
traditional funding model restricts access to capital, investments and liquidity. According to Harvard Business Review, VCs invest in
fewer than 1% of the companies they consider and only 10% of VC meetings are obtained through cold outreach. In addition, only 2% of
VC funding went to women-owned firms in 2022, according to PitchBook, while only 1% went to black-owned firms, according to TechCrunch.

 

Furthermore,
under the traditional model, the average investor lacked access to early-stage investments. Prior to the JOBS Act, almost 90% of U.S.
households were precluded from investing in private deals, per dqydj.com. Liquidity has also been an issue, as private investments are
generally locked up until IPO or takeout.

 

The
JOBS Act helped provide a solution to these issues by establishing the funding portal industry which is currently in its infancy. Title
III of the JOBS Act outlines Reg CF, which traditionally allowed private companies to raise up to $1.235 million from all Americans.
In March 2021, regulatory enhancements by the SEC went into effect and increased the limit to $5 million. These amendments increased
the offering limits for Reg CF, Reg A and Regulation D Rule 504 offerings as follows; Reg CF increased to $5 million, Regulation D, Rule
504 increased to $10 million from $5 million; and Reg A Tier 2 increased to $75 million from $50 million.

 

There
was $494 million raised via Reg CF in 2022, according to Crowdwise. We believe a significant opportunity exists to disrupt private capital
markets via the Netcapital portal.

 

Private
capital markets reached $12 trillion by the first half of 2022, per McKinsey. Within this market, private equity represents the largest
share, with assets in excess of $3 trillion and a 10-year CAGR of 10%. Since 2000, global PE net asset value has increased almost tenfold,
nearly three times faster than the size of the public equity market. Both McKinsey and Boston Consulting Group predict that this strong
growth will continue, as investors allocate increasing amounts to private equity, due to historically higher returns and lower volatility
than public markets. In addition, Boston Consulting Group estimates that there are $42 trillion held in retail investment accounts, which
we believe represents a large pool of potential account holders for us.

 

32

 

 

Our
Technology

 

The
Netcapital platform is a scalable, real-time, transaction processing engine that runs 24 hours a day, seven days a week. For companies
raising capital, the technology provides fully automated onboarding with integrated regulatory filings. Funds are collected from investors
and held in escrow until the offering closes.

 

For
entrepreneurs, the technology facilitates access to capital at low cost. For investors, the platform provides access to investments in
private, early-stage companies that were previously unavailable to the general public. Both entrepreneurs and investors can track and
view their investments through their dashboard on netcapital.com. As of the date of this prospectus, the platform has approximately
116,000 users.

Scalability
was demonstrated in November 2021, when the platform processed more than 2,000 investments in less than two hours, totaling more than
$2 million.

 

Our
infrastructure is designed in a way that can horizontally scale to meet our capacity needs. Using Docker containers and Amazon ECS, we
are able to automate the creation and launch of our production web and API endpoints in order to replicate them as needed behind Elastic
Load Balancers (ELBs).

 

Additionally,
all of our public facing endpoints live behind CloudFlare to ensure protection from large scale traffic fluctuations (including DDoS
attacks).

 

Our
main database layer is built on Amazon RDS and features a Multi-AZ deployment that can also be easily scaled up or down as needed. General
queries are cached in our API layer, and we monitor to optimize very complex database queries that are generated by the API. Additionally,
we cache the most complex queries (such as analytics data) in our NoSQL (Mongo) data store for improved performance.

Most
of our CPU intensive data processing happens asynchronously through a worker/jobs system managed by AWS ElastiCache’s Redis endpoint.
This component can be easily fine-tuned for any scale necessary.

 

The
technology necessary to operate our funding portal is licensed from our affiliate, Netcapital DE LLC under a license agreement with our
wholly-owned subsidiary Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., where we have the exclusive right to use the technology with respect to our funding
portal, for an annual license fee of $380,000 paid in quarterly installments.

 

Proposed
ATS Relationship

 

We
believe that lack of liquidity is a key issue for investors in private companies in our targeted market. We also recognize that secondary
trading of securities in private companies is subject to extensive regulation and oversight. Such regulation and oversight includes,
but is not limited to, the need to be a registered broker-dealer that is licensed to operate an alternative trading system (“ATS”),
or to partner with an entity that is licensed to do so. In order to try to address what we believe is a large, unmet need, our wholly-owned
subsidiary, Netcapital Systems LLC, a Utah limited liability company (“Netcapital UT LLC”), entered into a software license
and services agreement on January 2, 2023 (the “Templum License Agreement”) with Templum Markets LLC (“Templum”),
to provide issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform with the potential for greater distribution and liquidity. Templum is a company
that provides capital markets infrastructure for trading private equity securities, and operates an alternative trading system (“ATS”)
with approval in 53 U.S. states and territories for the trading of unregistered or private securities. We are currently working with
Templum to design the software required to allow issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform to access the Templum ATS in order
to engage in secondary trading of securities in a regulatorily compliant manner. The operation of the Templum ATS, however, remains subject
to extensive regulation and oversight. Accordingly, any regulatory delays or objections will result in delays in our ability to launch
the proposed platform. While we are currently working with Templum on the design of the required software to enable the access to secondary
trading on the Templum ATS, no assurance can be given as to when, or if, we will be able to successfully complete this project in order
to enable access to a secondary trading feature.

 

33

 

 

Competitive
Advantages

 

Based
upon publicly available information either published on the websites of our peer group (StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc., Wefunder Inc.and
Republic Core LLC) or included in offering statements of issuers hosted on such offering platforms, we believe that we provide the lowest
cost solution for online capital raising. We also believe, based upon our facilitated technology platform, our strong emphasis on customer
support, and feedback received from clients that have onboarded to our platform, that our access and onboarding of new clients are superior
as compared to our peer group. Our network continues to rapidly expand as a result of our enhanced marketing and broad distribution to
reach new investors.

 

Other
competitors include StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc., Wefunder Inc., and Republic Core LLC. We believe that given the rapid growth in the
industry and its potential to disrupt the multi-billion dollar private capital market, there is sufficient room for multiple players.

 

Our
Strategy

 

Three
major tailwinds are driving accelerated growth in the shift to the use of online funding portals: (i) the COVID-19 pandemic; (ii) the
increase in funding limits under Reg CF; and (iii) the recent private equity outperformance of public markets. The pandemic drove a rapid
need to bring as many processes as possible online. With travel restrictions in place and most people in lockdown, entrepreneurs were
no longer able to fundraise in person and have increasingly turned to online capital raising through funding portals.

 

There
are numerous industry drivers and tailwinds that complement investor demand for access to investments in private companies. To capitalize
on these, our strategy is to:

 

 

●

Generate
 New Investor Accounts. Growing the number of investor accounts on our platform is a top priority. Investment dollars continuing to
 flow through our platform are the key revenue driver. When issuers advertise their offerings, they are generating new investor accounts
 for the Netcapital funding platform at no cost to us. We plan to supplement our issuers’ spend on advertising
 by increasing our online marketing spend as well, which may include virtual conferences going forward.

 

 

 

 

●

Hire
 Additional Business Development Staff. We seek to hire additional business development staff that is technology and financially passionate
 about capital markets to handle our growing backlog of potential customers.

 

 

 

 

●

Increase
 the Number of Companies on Our Platform via Marketing. When a new company lists on our platform, they bring their customers, supporters,
 and brand ambassadors as new investors to Netcapital. We plan to increase our marketing budget to help grow our portal and advisory
 clients.

 

 

 

 

●

Invest
 in Technology. Technology is critical to everything that we do. We plan to invest in developing innovative technologies that enhance
 our platform and allow us to pursue additional service offerings. 

 

 

 

 

●

Incubate
 and Accelerate Our Advisory Portfolio Clients. The advisory portfolio and our equity interests in select advisory clients represent
 potential upside for our shareholders. We seek to grow this model of advisory clients.

 

 

 

 

●

Expand
 Internationally. We believe there is a significant opportunity to expand the marketing of the Netcapital funding platform and
 the services we offer into Europe and Asia as an appetite abroad grows for U.S. stocks.

 

 

 

 

●

Provide
 a secondary transfer feature. We believe that lack of liquidity is a key issue for investors in private companies in our targeted
 market. Accordingly, we are exploring ways in which we can provide our clients with the ability to access a secondary trading feature.
 In January 2023, we entered into the Templum License Agreement to provide issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform with the
 potential for greater distribution and liquidity. Templum is an operator of an ATS with approval in 53 U.S. states and territories
 for the trading of unregistered or private securities to provide issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform with the potential
 for greater distribution and liquidity. We are currently working with Templum on the design of the required software to enable issuers
 and investors on the Netcapital funding platform the ability to access the Templum ATS in order to engage in secondary trading of
 securities. We believe a secondary trading feature could drive additional issuers and investors to our funding portal thereby potentially
 increasing our revenues.

 

 

 

 

●

New
 Verticals Represent a Significant Opportunity. We operate in a regulated market supported by the JOBS Act. We may pursue expansion
 to our model to include Reg A and Regulation D offerings.

 

34

 

 

Our
Management

 

Our
management team is experienced in finance, technology, entrepreneurship, and marketing.

 

Martin
Kay is our CEO and a director. He was previously a Managing Director at Accenture Strategy, from October 2015 to December 2022 and holds
a BA in physics from Oxford University and an MBA from Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Kay is an experienced C-suite
advisor and digital media entrepreneur, working at the intersection of business and technology. His experience includes oversight of
our funding portal when he served on the board of managers of Netcapital DE LLC from 2017 to 2021.

 

Coreen
Kraysler, CFA is our CFO. With over 30 years of investment experience, she was formerly a Senior Vice President and Principal at Independence
Investments, where she managed several 5-star rated mutual funds and served on the Investment Committee. She also worked at Eaton Vance
as a Vice President, Equity Analyst on the Large and Midcap Value teams. She received a B.A. in Economics and French, cum laude from
Wellesley College and a Master of Science in Management from MIT Sloan.

 

Jason
Frishman is our Founder and former chief executive officer of our funding portal subsidiary, Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. Mr. Frishman
founded Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. to help reduce the systemic inefficiencies early-stage companies face in securing capital. He
currently holds advisory positions at leading organizations in the financial technology ecosystem and has spoken as an external expert
at Morgan Stanley, University of Michigan, YPO, and others. Jason has a background in the life sciences and previously conducted research
in medical oncology at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute and cognitive neuroscience at the University of Miami.

 

Key
Metrics of our Funding Portal

 

The
Netcapital funding portal is registered with the SEC and is a member of FINRA.

 

 

●

 
116,920 
 
investor
 accounts

 

●

 
386
 
 
offerings launched

 

●

 
252 
 
offerings
 funded

 

●

 
$65.5
 
 
million
 raised through the platform

 

For
the six-month period ended October 31, 2023, we had one customer, AceHedge LLC that constituted 32% of revenues,
a second customer, Fantize LLC that constituted 32% of revenues, and a third customer, StockText LLC, that constituted
11% of revenues. For the six-month period ended October 31, 2022, the Company had one customer, Dark LLC, that constituted
67% of its revenues and a second customer, Netwire LLC that constituted 11% of its revenues. For the year ended April 30,
2023, the Company had one customer, Dark LLC, that constituted 25% of its revenues, and four customers (HeadFarm LLC, CountSharp LLC,
CupCrew LLC, and RealWorld LLC) that each constituted 14% of its revenues. For the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company had one customer,
Reper LLC, that constituted 22% of its revenues, a second customer, CustCorp., that constituted 22% of its revenues, and a third customer,
Netwire LLC, that constituted 18% of its revenues. We had no prior direct or indirect ownership in these issuers prior to their offerings
on the funding portal. All of the above issuers paid in full for our services with equity securities, except for AceHedge LLC and Fantize
LLC which each have a remaining receivable payable to us of $555,000. As of the date of this prospectus, we own minority equity positions
in 19 portfolio companies that have utilized the funding portal to facilitate their offerings, which equity was received as payment for
services.

 

*data
as of October 31, 2023

 

35

 

 

Business
Model

 

The
Netcapital funding portal charges a 4.9% success fee for capital raised through the platform, as well as engagement and other fees. Netcapital
Advisors generates fees from consulting, and the equity stakes we take in select technology companies provide optionality through possible
exits, such as a sale or an initial public offering.

 

Proposed
ATS Relationship

 

We
currently do not operate or maintain a secondary market for securities of any issuers, and, except as described below, we have no agreements,
understandings or arrangements with any parties to do so.

 

On
January 2, 2023, we entered into the Templum License Agreement with Templum, to provide issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform
with the potential for greater distribution and liquidity. Templum is a company that provides capital markets infrastructure for trading
private equity securities, and operates an ATS with approval in 53 U.S. states and territories for the trading of unregistered or private
securities. Both Netcapital and users of the Netcapital platform that access and use the Templum ATS to facilitate trading of securities
are customers of Templum and will pay fees to Templum (as more fully described below). In the case of Netcapital, fees will be paid to
Templum for the right to license Templum’s software, and in the case of users of the Netcapital platform that access and use the
Templum ATS to facilitate trading of securities, fees will be paid to Templum by such users for trading in securities.

 

The
Templum License Agreement is intended to provide users of the Netcapital platform with access to a customized marketplace for the trading
of private securities issued under an exemption to the Securities Act. Templum operates an ATS under the provisions of Regulation ATS.
The Templum License Agreement is for an initial term of three (3) years and will automatically renew for consecutive terms of one (1)
year unless (i) either party upon at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the initial term or then-current renewal term,
provides written notice to the other party of its intention not to renew, in which case the agreement and the applicable order and technology
services and pricing outline will expire, as the case may be, at the end of the then current initial term or renewal term; or (ii) either
party terminates the agreement pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the agreement. We paid Templum
an implementation fee upon signing of the Agreement.

 

The
Templum License Agreement grants us a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable right and license to
use Templum’s software and to provide our users access to the software. Pursuant to the Templum License Agreement, Templum has
agreed to be our exclusive registered crowdfunding platform partner, and that Templum shall not provide services to any third-party whose
primary business is providing services as a registered crowdfunding platform except as noted in the agreement. We agreed to pay Templum
a discounted license fee in year 1, and a standard license fee in years 2 and 3. After conclusion of the initial 3-year term, the annual
license fee will increase by the greater of CPI+3% or 5% for each renewal term.

 

The
Templum arrangement is intended to enable users that may seek to execute secondary market trades to engage with Templum and the Templum
ATS. The ability to engage with the Templum ATS and to execute any trades will be made possible via APIs in our software that will facilitate
communication between users of our platform and the Templum ATS. Other than through APIs in the Netcapital Systems software, we do not
expect to have any contact or interaction with users when they are executing secondary market trades via the Templum ATS. All matching
of orders and secondary market trades will be executed by the Templum ATS. The Netcapital funding portal will perform no activities with
respect to the Templum ATS, and neither Netcapital nor its employees will have any ability to perform matching of trades or take any
action with respect to customer orders on the Templum ATS; they will, however, have access to information and logs of customer activity.
For example, Netcapital and its employees will be able to view the following information (without any ability to act on such information):
(i) all securities in the marketplace, including security data; (ii) all investor orders and trades for all securities; (iii) market
data history per security; (iv) investor balances, current and historical, per security and (v) configured market trading hours per security
and globally. In addition, users of the Templum ATS will have the ability to view all information with respect to their securities, including
recent trades and will be able to place binding orders for available securities on the Templum ATS.

 

It
is currently contemplated that the secondary trading function to be made available to users of our platform will function as follows:
when a user of the Netcapital platform desires to execute a secondary market trade, it can click on a trade order button on the user
dashboard from the netcapital.com website which will facilitate communication between users of the Netcapital Systems platform and the
Templum ATS., Templum will then complete its know-your-customer (“KYC”) and anti-money laundering (“AML”) verifications
(Netcapital will have no obligation with respect to these or other compliance efforts with respect to use of the Templum ATS).The Templum
ATS may then accept or deny any user orders, at which time Templum will create an account on the Templum ATS for such user, and
proceed to seek to identify two orders (bid/ask) matching at the desired price level. Once an order has been submitted, it will be displayed
on the Templum order book on the netcapital.com website. Thereafter, when a submitted order request has been matched by the Templum ATS,
the Templum ATS will then communicate instructions to the bank and custodian that have been designated by Templum and the issuer to serve
as escrow agent and custodial agent, respectively, who will, in turn, notify the buyer and seller, so that the process of settling the
transaction between the two proposed parties can be completed by the respective parties.

 

It
is currently contemplated that users of the Nectcapital platform that access the Templum ATS will pay Templum a fee equal to 1% of the
gross proceeds of any completed trade. Netcapital will not receive any portion of the fees paid to Templum by users of the Nectcapital
platform that access the Templum ATS to list or trade their securities. Access to the Templum ATS by users of the Netcapital platform
is presently intended to facilitate only trades in securities that were acquired by users of the Nectcapital platform through purchases
on the Netcapital platform. This feature may, however, in the future be expanded to include other securities that may be legally traded,
subject to compliance with existing regulations.

 

36

 

 

We
are currently working with Templum to design the software required to allow issuers and investors on the Netcapital platform to access
the Templum ATS in order to engage in secondary trading of securities in a regulatorily compliant manner. The operation of the Templum
ATS, however, remains subject to extensive regulation and oversight. Accordingly, any regulatory delays or objections will result in
delays in our ability to launch the proposed platform. While we are currently working with Templum on the design of the required software
to enable the access to secondary trading on the Templum ATS, no assurance can be given as to when, or if, we will be able to successfully
complete this project in order to enable access to a secondary trading feature.

 

The
launch of this feature remains subject to internal testing, compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, the launch of a beta
(testing) version to a closed group of users for testing before any final launch is made to the public, and Templum’s approval.
Milestones required to launch the platform include, but are not limited to, plug-in of Templum’s KYC and AML requirements to enable
interested users to directly send to the Templum ATS any KYC/AML information required by Templum for review and approval, as well as
the launch of a beta version to a closed group of users. Our goal is to launch the beta version in the fourth quarter of 2023, however,
we do not know when, or if, this feature will be fully completed and launched, as there are many details that remain to be completed.

 

The
operation of the Templum ATS is subject to extensive regulation and oversight. Accordingly, any regulatory delays or objections will
result in delays in our ability to launch the proposed platform. In addition, because we cannot easily switch between operators of secondary
trading platforms of this nature, any disruption of or interference, whether due to regulatory issues or natural disasters, cyber-attacks,
terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures, or other similar events, would impact our operations and may adversely
affect the ability of issuers and investors to utilize this platform. There is no obligation for Templum to renew its agreements with
us on commercially reasonable terms or at all.

 

Institutions
and individual investors may face significant risk when buying securities on our proposed secondary trading platform. These risks include
the following:

 

 

●

private
 companies are not required to make periodic public filings, and therefore certain capitalization, operational and financial information
 may not be available for evaluation;

 

 

 

 

●

an
 investment may only be appropriate for investors with a long-term investment horizon and a capacity to absorb a loss of some or all
 of their investment;

 

 

 

 

●

the
 securities, when purchased, are generally highly illiquid, are often subject to further transfer restrictions, and no public market
 exists for such securities; and

 

 

 

 

●

transactions
 may fail to settle, which could harm our reputation.

 

Further,
we may become involved in disputes and litigation matters between customers with respect to transactions on our proposed secondary trading
platform. There is a risk that clients may increasingly look to us to make them whole for delayed and/or broken trades. Customers may
litigate over a failure of sellers to deliver securities or over the untimely deliveries of securities. Any litigation to which we are
a party could be expensive and time consuming, regardless of the ultimate outcome, and the potential costs and risks of such litigation
may incentivize us to settle, which could harm our reputation or have a material adverse effect on our business or results or operations.

 

We
estimate that the cost for developing this platform will not exceed $1.0 million, most of which has already been incurred and consists
of salaries or fees paid to engineers and consultants. We have and continue to pay these expenses from our working capital. We do not
currently have a revenue model associated with the sales of securities on the proposed ATS. However, we may seek incorporate this revenue
model in the future, provided that we determine any such revenue model is in strict compliance with all regulatory guidelines.

 

We
currently anticipate that we will also be able to sell our interests in any portfolio company using the Templum ATS provided such sales
are made in a regulatorily compliant matter. We expect to place a restriction on any sales during any period in which an issuer is offering
its securities for sale on the Netcapital funding platform. In addition, securities issued in a Reg CF transaction generally cannot be
resold for a period of one year, unless the securities are transferred: (1) to the issuer of the securities; (2) to an “accredited
investor”; (3) as part of an offering registered with the SEC; or (4) to a member of the family of the purchaser or the equivalent,
to a trust controlled by the purchaser, to a trust created for the benefit of a member of the family of the purchaser or the equivalent,
or in connection with the death or divorce of the purchaser or other similar circumstance.. Accordingly, any shares owned by us would
also be subject to these restrictions. Additional restrictions may be implemented, and there can be no assurance that we will ever sell
any of our interests in any portfolio company using the Templum ATS. Further, our insider trading policy prohibits all of our employees, officers, consultants and directors from buying
or selling securities while in possession of material non-public information and all such parties are also required to maintain strict
confidentiality of all such information. In addition, in order to maintain compliance with our insider trading policies, any affiliate
or employee seeking to trade securities in any issuer listed on the funding portal must receive prior approval and clearance from our
Chief Financial Officer and all such requests for clearance will be documented and maintained with our compliance department.

 

Our
Netcapital funding portal is currently registered with the SEC and is a member of FINRA. For so long as we continue to operate our Netcapital
platform solely for primary offerings by issuers under Reg CF, we believe that we are not required to register under Regulation ATS.

 

37

 

 

Industry
Tailwinds

 

Two
major tailwinds are driving accelerated growth in the shift to digital fundraising: the COVID-19 pandemic and regulatory enhancements
to the Jobs Act. The pandemic drove a rapid need to bring as many processes as possible online. With travel restrictions in place and
most people in lockdown, entrepreneurs were no longer able to fundraise in person and have increasingly turned to online capital raising
through funding portals.

 

In
addition, exempt offering regulatory enhancements proposed by the SEC in 2020 went into effect in March 2021. These amendments increased
the offering limits for Reg CF, Reg A and Rule 504 of Regulation D offerings as follows: the Reg CF limit increased to $5 million from
$1.07 million, every twelve months. Rule 504 of Regulation D moved to $10 million from $5 million and Reg A Tier 2 rose to $75 million
from $50 million.

 

Investment
Portfolio

 

A
key part of our story involves the potential value creation driven by our portfolio companies. In our portfolio, we focus on companies
with emerging, disruptive technologies. A partial list of our investment portfolio is described below. In addition to the risks inherent
to being start-up companies in need of capital, each of our portfolio companies faces a unique set of risks inherent to its business
and industry, some of which are set forth below. To the extent that any of such companies are not successful, the value of our holdings
in such company may decrease which, in turn, would have a negative effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In order to monetize the value of our holdings in any of these portfolio companies, we would have to either receive dividends from any
of such companies or dispose of our holdings in such company. To date, we have realized proceeds from the sale of only one of such holdings.
Specifically, we sold 606,060 shares of KingsCrowd Inc. in June 2022 for cash proceeds of $200,000.

 

KingsCrowd

 

Industry:
Fintech

 

Used
by over 300,000 investors to vet startup investments, KingsCrowd Inc. (“KingsCrowd”) is a leader in ratings and analytics
for online private markets. The company aggregates, analyzes, and rates companies raising on platforms like Netcapital to help investors
make more informed decisions.

 

Risks
related to an investment in KingsCrowd include, but are not limited to the following:

 

 

●

Many
 of the key responsibilities of KingsCrowd’s business have been assigned to one individual, and its ability to implement adequate
 internal controls depends, in part, on its ability to attract trained professional staff that allows it to segregate duties among
 several individuals.

 

●

KingsCrowd
 may become subject to any number of laws and regulations that may be adopted with respect to the Internet and electronic commerce;
 and

 

●

.KingsCrowd’s
 success depends in part on its ability to grow and take advantage of efficiencies of scale;

 

38

 

 

ChipBrain

 

Industry:
AI

 

Effective
communicators close more deals. ChipBrain LLC’s (“ChipBrain”)emotionally intelligent AI assistant provides real-time
emotion, tone, and facial expression feedback in live conversations across text, voice, and video. Taking the guesswork out of identifying
conversational cues, the company’s technology enables sales professionals to see at a glance how they are coming across to customers.

 

Risks
related to an investment in ChipBrain include, but are not limited to the following:

 

 

●

ChipBrain’s
 future growth depends to a large extent on its ability to effectively anticipate and adapt to customer requirements and offer services
 that meet customer demands;

 

●

The
 failure to attract and retain key employees could hurt the business, and the management team does not have extensive experience in
 the operation of businesses such as ChipBrain; and

 

●

An
 intentional or unintentional disruption, failure, misappropriation or corruption of its network and information systems could severely
 affect its business.

 

Zelgor

 

Industry:
Mobile Games

 

Backed
by famous venture capitalist Tim Draper, Napster’s founder, Shawn Fanning, and co-creator of Guitar Hero, Kai Huang, Zelgor Inc.
(“Zelgor”) is an interactive entertainment company featuring a new species of rambunctious alien characters called The Noobs.
The Noobs are a unique and original intellectual property introduced to the world through mobile games, multimedia content, and strategic
partnerships.

 

Risks
related to an investment in Zelgor include, but are not limited to the following:

 

 

●

Many
 of the key responsibilities of Zelgor’s business have been assigned to four individuals;

 

●

Zelgor
 may become subject to any number of laws and regulations that may be adopted with respect to the Internet and electronic commerce;
 and

 

●

The
 business of mobile applications is competitive and is expected to become increasingly competitive in the future.

 

MustWatch

 

Industry:
Technology

 

MustWatch
LLC (“MustWatch”) brings your friends and favorite shows together all in one place. The Watch Party app makes it easy to
find new shows, see what your friends are watching, and recommend great shows to each other. The company’s platform delivers targeted
show recommendations based on the television viewing tastes of users’ friends and family. It’s not a single streaming platform’s
media catalog, but a cross-platform television guide, crowdsourced from your friends and family.

 

Risks
related to an investment in MustWatch include, but are not limited to the following:

 

 

●

MustWatch’s
 inability to use software licensed from third parties, or to use open source software under license terms that interfere with its
 proprietary rights, could disrupt its business;

 

●

The
 business depends on continued, unimpeded access to the Internet by MustWatch and its users, but Internet access providers and Internet
 backbone providers may be able to block, degrade or charge for access to or bandwidth use of certain of our products and services,
 which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users; and

 

●

Failure
 to comply with laws and contractual obligations related to data privacy and protection could have a material adverse effect on the
 business, financial condition and operating results of MustWatch.

 

C-Reveal
Therapeutics

 

Industry:
Cancer Immunotherapy

 

C-Reveal
Therapeutics’s (“C-Reveal”)proprietary technology, developed at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard University,
helps the body’s immune system to identify and destroy cancer cells by inhibiting key enzymes that conceal the disease. This patent
pending approach is designed to improve the efficacy of treating a broad range of cancers.

 

Risks
related to an investment in C-Reveal include, but are not limited to the following:

 

 

●

It
 may not be able to secure and maintain relationships with research institutions and clinical investigators that are capable of conducting
 and have access to necessary patient populations for the conduct of C-Reveal’s clinical trials;

 

●

C-Reveal’s
 product development programs will be based on novel technologies and are inherently risky; and

 

●

C-Reveal’s
 clinical trials may not be successful.

 

Hiveskill
LLC

 

Industry:
AI

 

The
product is an AI-powered database and CRM hybrid that uses data and emotionally intelligent AI to boost direct one-to-one marketing efforts.
It also provides specialized experts who know how to leverage your company’s data.

 

Risks
related to an investment in Hiveskill LLC (“Hiveskill”) include, but are not limited to the following:

 

 

●

Competition
 in the markets in which Hiveskill competes could prevent it from generating or sustaining revenue growth and generating or maintaining
 profitability;

 

●

Hiveskill
 operates in an emerging market that is characterized by rapid changes in customer requirements, frequent introductions of new and
 enhanced products, and continuing and rapid technological advancement; and

 

●

Maintaining
 its reputation is critical to Hiveskill’s ability to attract and retain clients, and any failure, or perceived failure, to
 appropriately operate its business or deal with matters that give rise to reputation risk may materially and adversely harm the business,
 prospects and results of operations

 

39

 

 

ScanHash
LLC

 

Industry:
AI

With
the click of a button and the wallet owner’s permission, ScanHash LLC’s (“ScanHash”) innovative program launches
and immediately integrates with customers’ technology systems to search for clues and traces of their private key, digital wallets
and other crypto-enabling logs and records. Thanks to ScanHash’s proprietary digital forensics technology, recovering lost cryptocurrency
is affordable, accessible, and safe.

 

Risks
related to an investment in ScanHash include, but are not limited to the following:

 

 

●

Those
 related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which could significantly disrupt ScanHash’s operations and could have a material
 adverse impact on ScanHash.

 

●

Any
 valuation at this stage is difficult to assess; and

 

●

Investing
 in early-stage companies is very risky and highly speculative.

 

Caesar
Media Group, Inc.

 

Industry:
Marketing

 

Caesar
Media Group, Inc. (“Caesar Media’) is an advanced marketing and technology solutions provider. Caesar Media Group is designed
to leverage its technology and data to provide lead generation, search engine optimization (SEO) website development, project development,
digital marketing, content management, customer service, and sales management.

Risks
related to an investment in Caesar Media include, but are not limited to the following:

 

 

●

Caesar
 Media has a ability to prevent competitors from marketing similar products or services; and

 

●

Third
 parties may infringe on its technology.

 

The
following table summarizes the components of investments as of October 31, 2023 and April 30, 2023:

 

 
 

 
October
 

 31, 2023
 
 

April 30, 2023
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 

Netcapital DE LLC
 

$
48,128
 
 

$
48,128
 

MustWatch LLC
 

 
440,000
 
 

 
440,000
 

Zelgor Inc.
 

 
1,400,000
 
 

 
1,400,000
 

ChipBrain LLC
 

 
3,366,348
 
 

 
3,366,348
 

Vymedic Inc.
 

 
11,032
 
 

 
11,032
 

C-Reveal Therapeutics LLC
 

 
50,000
 
 

 
50,000
 

Deuce Drone LLC
 

 
2,350,000
 
 

 
2,350,000
 

Hiveskill LLC
 

 
712,500
 
 

 
712,500
 

ScanHash LLC
 

 
425,000
 
 

 
425,000
 

Caesar Media Group Inc.
 

 
 
1,999.127
 
 
 

 
1,632,751
 

Cust Corp.
 

 
1,200,000
 
 

 
1,200,000
 

Reper LLC
 

 
1,200,000
 
 

 
1,200,000
 

Dark LLC
 

 
2,100,000
 
 

 
2,100,000
 

Netwire LLC
 

 
1,300,000
 
 

 
1,300,000
 

CountSharp LLC
 

 
1,170,000
 
 

 
1,170,000
 

CupCrew LLC
 

 
1,170,000
 
 

 
1,170,000
 

HeadFarm LLC
 

 
1,170,000
 
 

 
1,170,000
 

RealWorld LLC
 

 
1,170,000
 
 

 
—
 

KingsCrowd Inc.
 

 
3,209,685
 
 

 
3,209,685
 

Total Investments at fair value
 

$
 
24,491,820
 
 
 

$
22,955,444
 

 

40

 

 

Investment
Portfolio Company Progress

 

KingsCrowd
Inc., a fintech company that provides ratings and analytics for online private markets, grew their subscriber base to 350,000, generated
almost half a million in revenues last year, rated over half a billion dollars in transactions with their proprietary rating algorithm,
and just launched a $15 million Reg A+ round at a $45 million pre-money valuation.

 

MustWatch
launched their television show recommendation app in the Apple app store, which has been awarded a 5-star rating by users. They also
added acclaimed Hollywood producer and screenwriter Jason Keller to their team. Keller brings nearly two decades of experience in the
film and entertainment industry to the MustWatch team. Most recently Keller wrote the Oscar winning film Ford vs. Ferrari (starring Christian
Bale and Matt Damon) which was nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Picture. His other notable writing credits include Mirror,
Mirror (starring Julia Roberts), Escape Plan (starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sylvester Stallone) and Machine Gun Preacher (starring
Gerard Butler), as well as an executive producer for the fifth movie in the Die Hard franchise, A Good Day to Die Hard (starring Bruce
Willis).

 

Zelgor
completed a stability test launch of their first mobile game, Noobs in Space, and generated thousands of downloads in the first 48 hours.
They sold out their recent offering on the Netcapital platform.

 

ChipBrain,
which develops emotionally intelligent artificial intelligence (“AI”), has built out their core machine learning models and
performed pilot programs with multiple customers. With the help of Netcapital Advisors, the Company sold out two rounds of financing
on Netcapital, and just closed a venture round at a $20 million pre-money valuation.

 

Working
with Netcapital Advisors, C-Reveal raised over $1 million on the Netcapital platform, and then closed a $3 million venture round.

 

Financial
Highlights Fiscal 2023 and First Six Month Fiscal 2024

 

 

●

Revenue
growth of 55% year-over-year to $8.5 million in fiscal 2023 as compared to $5.5 million in fiscal 2022.

 

 

 

 
 
 

 
●
 

 
Revenue
 growth of 14% year-over-year to $3.56 million, compared to revenue of $3.12 million in the
 first six months of fiscal year 2023.
 

 

 

 

 

●

Operating
income of $2.3 million in fiscal 2023 compared to an operating loss of $1.0 million in fiscal year 2022.

 

 

 

 
 
 

 
●
 

 
Operating
 loss of $696,800 in the first six months of fiscal 2024, as compared to operating income of $341,835 in the first six month of fiscal
 2023.
 

 

 

 

 

●

Paid
 down $1,350,000 in debt, closed two underwritten public offering for aggregate gross proceeds of $6.7 million, and uplisted to Nasdaq
 in July 2022.

 

Marketable
Securities

 

We
have, from time to time, received equity securities in exchange for consulting work. All investments are initially measured at cost and
are evaluated each quarter for changes in estimated fair value.

 

Competition

 

We
compete with a number of public and private companies that provide assistance with capital raising, strategy, technology consulting,
and digital marketing. Most of our competitors have significant financial resources and occupy entrenched positions in the market with
name-brand recognition. The majority of our capital raising and digital marketing business is on the Internet.

 

41

 

 

The
barriers to entry into most Internet markets are relatively low, making them accessible to a large number of entities and individuals.
We believe the principal competitive factors in our industry that create certain barriers to entry include, but are not limited to reputation,
technology, financial stability and resources, proven track record of successful operations, critical mass, and independent oversight
and transparency of business practices. While these barriers will limit those able to enter or compete effectively in the market, it
is likely that new competitors as well as laws and regulations of governmental authority will be established in the future, in addition
to our known current competitors.

 

We
face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate online capital formation and the
sharing of content and information, companies that enable marketers to display advertising, companies that distribute video and other
forms of media content, and companies that provide development platforms for applications developers. We compete to attract, engage,
and retain customers, to attract and retain marketers, and to attract and retain developers to build compelling applications that integrate
with our products.

 

Increased
competition from current and future competitors may in the future materially adversely affect our business, revenues, operating results
and financial condition.

 

Government
Regulation

 

We
are subject, both directly and indirectly, to various laws and regulations relating to our business. If any of the laws are amended,
compliance could become more expensive and directly affect our income. We intend to comply with such laws, but new restrictions may arise
that could materially adversely affect our Company. Specifically, the SEC regulates our funding portal business, and our funding portal
is also a member of FINRA and is regulated by FINRA. We are also subject to the USA Patriot Act of 2001, which contains anti-money laundering
and financial transparency laws and mandates various regulations applicable to financial services companies, including standards for
verifying client identification at account opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities.
Anti-money laundering laws outside of the United States contain some similar provisions. Our failure to comply with these requirements
as applicable to us could have a material adverse effect on us.

 

Employees

 

As
of December 14, 2023, the Company had three members of its senior corporate personnel. As of December 14, 2023, we had
approximately 40 employees, all of which were full time. None of our employees are unionized or covered by collective bargaining agreements,
and we consider our current employee relations to be good.

 

Corporate
History and Information

 

The
Company was incorporated in Utah in 1984 as DBS Investments, Inc. (“DBS”), merged with Valuesetters L.L.C. in December of
2003 and changed its name to Valuesetters, Inc. In November 2010, the Company purchased NetGames.com to drive subscription revenue through
online games such as chess.net. In the summer of 2017, Dr. Cecilia Lenk and Coreen Kraysler, CFA were hired to bring in consulting and
advisory business. In November 2020, the Company purchased Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. and changed the name of the parent company
from Valuesetters, Inc. to Netcapital Inc., while the name of the consulting business was changed to Netcapital Advisors. In November
2021, the Company purchased MSG Development Corp.

 

Our
principal executive offices are located at State Street Financial Center, One Lincoln Street, Boston, Massachusetts and our telephone
number is 781-925-1700. We maintain a website at 
www.netcapitalinc.com
. Netcapital Advisors maintains a website at http://www.netcapitaladvisors.com
and our valuation business maintains a website at https://valucorp.com/. Information contained on or accessible through our website is
not, and should not be considered, part of, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus and you should not consider any information
contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this prospectus in deciding whether to purchase our securities.

 

42

 

 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION

 

Summary
Compensation Table

 

The
following table sets forth, for the fiscal years indicated, all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to Martin Kay, our CEO (since
January 3, 2023), Cecilia Lenk, our former chief executive officer (until January 3, 2023), Coreen Kraysler, our CFO, Carole Murko, our
former Chief Marketing Officer and Jason Frishman, Founder and former Chief Executive Officer of our wholly-owned subsidiary Netcapital
Funding Portal Inc. (collectively, the “Named Executive Officers” or “NEOs”). We have no other executive officers.

 

Summary
Executive Compensation Table

 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

Non-equity
 
 

Change in
 pension value and nonqualified
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

Name
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

incentive
 
 

deferred 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

and
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

Stock
 
 

Option
 
 

plan
 
 

compensation
 
 
 

All other
 
 

 
 

principal
 

Fiscal
 
 
 

Salary
 
 

Bonus
 
 

awards
 
 

awards
 
 

compensation
 
 

 
earnings
 
 
 
 

compensation
 
 

Total
 

position
 

Year
 
 

($)
 
 

($)
 
 

($)(1)
 
 

 
($)
 
 
 
 

($)
 
 

 
($)
 
 
 
 

($)
 
 

($)
 

 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

Martin Kay, CEO
 (
Since January 3, 2023
)
 

 
2023
 
 

 
94,615
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
81,309
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
175,924
 

Cecilia Lenk CEO (
until
 January 3, 2023 and CEO of Netcapital Advisors since January 3, 2023
)
 

 
2023
 
 

 
142,500
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
4.833
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
147,333
 

 
 

 
2022
 
 

 
96,000
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
40,608
 
 

 
5,825
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
142,433
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Coreen
 

 
2023
 
 

 
164,135
 
 

 
25,000
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
25,927
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
215,062
 

Kraysler, CFO
 

 
2022
 
 

 
96,000
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
40,608
 
 

 
11,649
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
148,257
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Carole Murko, former CMO (
until
 January 7, 2022
)(2)
 

 
2022
 
 

 
73,688
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
109,547
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
183,235
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Jason Frishman,~Founder, (
and
 former CEO of Netcapital Funding Portal, until February 9, 2023
)~ 
 

 
2023
 
 

 
166,173
 
 

 
25,000
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
25,927
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
217,100
 

 
 

 
2022
 
 

 
96,000
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
11,649
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 
 

 
107,649
 

 

 

(1)

Represents
 the dollar amount of vested equity awards during the fiscal year.

 

 

 

 

(2)

Ms.
 Murko received severance of $7,384.50 and her 8,885 unvested shares vested upon termination, both pursuant to a separation agreement.

 

43

 

 

Outstanding
Equity Awards At End Of 2023

 

The
following table provides information about outstanding stock options issued by the Company held by each of our NEOs as of April 30, 2023.
None of our NEOs held any other equity awards from the Company as of April 30, 2023.

 

 
 

Option
 Awards

Stock
 Awards
 

Name
 

Number
 of
 Securities
 Underlying
 Unexercised
 Options (#)
 Exercisable
 
 

Number
 of
 Securities
 Underlying
 Unexercised
 Options (#)
 Unexercisable
 
 

Option

 Exercise
 Price
 ($)
 
 

Option
 Expiration

 Date
 

Number
 of
 
Shares
 of
 
Stock
 That
 
Has
 Not
 
Yet
 Vested
 
 

Market
 Value
 
of
 Stock
 
that
 has not
 
Yet
 Vested
 

Martin Kay
 

 
83,332
 
 

 
916,668
 
 

 
1.43
 
 

1/3/2033
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Cecilia Lenk
 

 
417
 
 

 
19,583
 
 

 
1.40
 
 

4/25/2033
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 

 
 

 
3,120
 
 

 
6,880
 
 

 
10.50
 
 

2/9/2032
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Coreen Kraysler
 

 
16,668
 
 

 
183,332
 
 

 
1.43
 
 

1/3/2033
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 

 
 

 
6,255
 
 

 
13,745
 
 

 
10.50
 
 

2/9/2032
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Jason Frishman
 

 
16,668
 
 

 
183,332
 
 

 
1.43
 
 

1/3/2033
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 

 
 

 
6,255
 
 

 
13,745
 
 

 
10.50
 
 

2/9/2032
 

 
0
 
 

 
0
 

 

Director
Compensation

 

We
have not paid any cash compensation to our directors in their capacity as such.

 

On
February 9, 2022, we issued to each of our then three independent board members, options to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock under
the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan which will be exercisable at a per share exercise price of $10.50, that is out-of-the-money at time of
issuance and expire ten years after the date of grant.

 

On
April 25, 2023, we granted to each of our three current independent board members, options to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock
under the 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan which will be exercisable at a per share exercise price of $1.40, that is out-of-the-money
at time of issuance and expire ten years after the date of grant.

 

We
issued Avi Liss 10,000 shares of our common stock valued at $7.50 per share on November 18, 2021 in consideration of his services as
a director of the Company.

 

Officer
Compensation

 

Beginning
in fiscal 2021, we pay each of our Named Executives Officers an annual salary of $96,000 per annum. Each Named Executive Officer has
also received varying amounts of equity awards for their services. In addition to base pay, Carole Murko earned commissions on certain
transactions.

 

Employment
Agreements

 

We
currently have employment agreements with Martin Kay and Coreen Kraysler. Prior to the resignations of Cecilia Lenk on January 3, 2023
and Jason Frishman on February 9, 2023, we and our Netcapital Funding Portal subsidiary had employment agreements with each of them,
respectively. Cecilia Lenk is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Netcapital Advisors, and Jason Frishman is the Founder of Netcapital
Funding Portal Inc. The former employment agreements of Cecilia Lenk and Jason Frishman are described below. Prior to the termination
of Carole Murko on January 7, 2022, we also had an employment agreement with her as described below.

 

44

 

 

Employment
Agreement with Martin Kay

 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Martin Kay on January 3, 2023, pursuant to which we employ Mr. Kay as our Chief Executive Officer.
Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Kay is eligible to (a) receive an annual base salary of $300,000; (b) receive an option grant to
purchase 100,000 fully vested Shares of the Company pursuant to the 2023 Plan and an option grant to purchase 1,000,000 Shares of the
Company, which vest monthly over four (4) years pursuant to an option award agreement, described below, and in each case subject to the
2023 Plan; (c) receive periodic bonuses or additional salary in the discretion of the Board or compensation committee; (d) receive .005
times the gross revenue paid in cash annually so long as the Company reports positive earnings after the bonus is paid; (e) participate
in the Company’s fringe benefits, health and welfare plans, and pension and/or profit sharing plans provided to executives; (f)
receive reimbursement for all reasonable business expenses; and (g) receive sick leave, sick pay, and disability benefits in accordance
with Company policy. Mr. Kay’s employment agreement, which has a three-year term, may be terminated upon the occurrence of the
death of Mr. Kay, at any time by Mr. Kay, by the Company due to disability, by the Company for “cause”, and by Mr. Kay for
“good reason”. Mr. Kay’s employment agreement also contains provisions regarding, among other things, a six (6)-month
non-competition provision, confidential information, governing law, and covenants governing Mr. Kay’s conduct.

 

Employment
Agreement with Coreen Kraysler

 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Coreen Kraysler on June 23, 2022 pursuant to which we employ Ms. Kraysler as our Chief Financial
Officer. The term of her agreement ends on June 23, 2025. The agreement provides for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement
of $96,000, which was increased to $150,000 upon completion of a public offering in July 2022. Ms. Kraysler is eligible for periodic
bonuses or for additional salary in addition to her base salary, as may be determined by our board of directors or the compensation committee.
The agreement also contains the following material provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension
and/or profit share plans; eligible to participate in any medical and health plans; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits;
entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. Ms. Kraysler agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms
under her agreement.

 

Employment
Agreement with Cecilia Lenk

 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Cecilia Lenk on June 23, 2022 pursuant to which we employed Ms. Lenk as Chief Executive Officer
of Netcapital, Inc. On January 3, 2023, Ms. Lenk tendered her resignation from her position as Chief Executive Officer. The agreement
provided for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $96,000, which was increased to $150,000 upon completion of a
public offering in July 2022. Ms. Lenk was eligible for periodic bonuses or for additional salary in addition to her base salary, as
may be determined by our board of directors or the compensation committee.

 

The
agreement also contained the following material provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or
profit share plans; eligible to participate in any medical and health plans; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits;
entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. Ms. Lenk agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under
her agreement.

 

Employment
Agreement with Jason Frishman

 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Jason Frishman on June 23, 2022 pursuant to which we employed Mr. Frishman as Founder, as CEO
of Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. On February 9, 2023, Mr. Frishman tendered his resignation from his position as CEO of Netcapital Funding
Portal Inc. and his employment agreement was terminated. The agreement provided for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement
of $96,000, which was increased to $150,000 upon completion of a public offering in July 2022. Mr. Frishman was eligible for periodic
bonuses or for additional salary in addition to his base salary, as may be determined by our board of directors or the compensation committee.

 

The
agreement also contained the following material provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or
profit share plans; eligible to participate in any medical and health plans; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits;
entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. Mr. Frishman agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms
under his agreement.

 

45

 

 

Employment
Agreement with Carole Murko

 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Carole Murko on March 10, 2020 pursuant to which we employed Ms. Murko as our Director of Business
Development. The agreement was for an initial term of four years. On January 13, 2022, we entered into a separation agreement with Ms.
Murko, effective as of January 7, 2022, pursuant to which terminated her employment with the Company, vested her remaining balance of
unvested shares, paid her four weeks’ severance and under which mutual releases were provided . The employment agreement provided
for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of $1.00 plus a commission of 20% of the cash collected from revenues generated
directly by Ms. Murko plus an unvested grant of stock-based compensation of 12,500 shares (after giving effect to the November 2020 1-for-2000
reverse stock split) of restricted stock. The stock vested over a 48 month period in equal installments of 260 shares per month. Ms.
Murko was also eligible for periodic bonuses or for additional salary in addition to her base salary.

 

The
employment agreement also contained the following material provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any
pension and/or profit share plans; eligible to participate in any medical and health plans; entitled to up to eight weeks of paid time
off; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits; entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary business expenses.
If Ms. Murko was to be terminated for any reason other than “cause” prior to the end of her term, then the Company will have
no claim on the unvested portion of her 12,500 shares. If Ms. Murko resigned without “good reason” or retired before the
end of her term, the unvested shares would have been returned to the Company. Ms. Murko agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under
her agreement.

 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination Or Change In Control

 

In
the event that Ms. Kraysler’s employment is terminated by us for any reason other than “cause” or by Ms. Kraysler for
“good reason,” then we will have no claims to the 20,000 and 200,000 shares of common stock underlying the stock option grant
(and all unvested options under such grant shall immediately and fully vest) issued to Ms. Kraysler in February 2022 and January 2023,
respectively.

 

The
following table sets forth quantitative information with respect to potential payments to be made to Ms. Kraysler upon termination in
various circumstances. The potential payments are based on the terms of each of the employment agreements discussed above. For a more
detailed description of the Ms. Kraysler’s employment agreement, see the “Employment Agreements” section above.

 

 
 

Potential Payment Upon Termination

 

Name
 

Option Awards (#)

 

Coreen Kraysler
 

 

197,077

 (1)

 

(1)

Represents the number of unvested
 options at April 30, 2023. Ms. Kraysler’s options vest equally over a 48-month period. At April 30, 2023, there were 33 months
 remaining in her vesting schedule for the options granted in February 2022 and 44 months remaining in her vesting schedule for the
 options granted in January 2023. The potential payment of shares subject to Ms. Kraysler’s unvested options will reduce every
 month as her options vest and the value of her unvested options will be based on our market price at such time.

 

46

 

 

Pay
Versus Performance

 

As
required by Section 953(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K,
we are providing the following information about the relationship between executive compensation and certain financial performance metrics.
The disclosure included in this section is prescribed by SEC rules and does not necessarily align with how we or the compensation committee
view the link between financial performance and the compensation actually received or realized by our named executive officers. All information
provided above under the “Pay Versus Performance” heading will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general
incorporation language in any such filing, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates such information by reference.

 

The
table below presents information on the compensation of CEO and other named executive officers in comparison to certain performance metrics
for 2023 and 2022. Martin Kay has been our CEO since January 3, 2023 and Cecilia Lenk was CEO for all of 2022 and through January 3,
2023. These metrics are not those that the compensation committee uses when setting executive compensation. The use of the term 
Compensation
Actually Paid
 (CAP) is required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, and under such rules, CAP was calculated by adjusting the
Summary Compensation Table (“SCT”). Total values for the applicable year as described in the footnotes to the table.

 

Year
 
 

Summary
 Compensation Table Total for First PEO (Cecilia Lenk) (1)(2)
 
 

Summary
 Compensation Table Total for Second PEO (Martin Kay)
 
 

Compensation
 Actually Paid to First PEO
 
 

Compensation
 Actually Paid to Second PEO
 
 

Average
 Summary Compensation Table Total for Non-PEO Name Executive Officers (1)(2)
 
 

Average
 Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO Name Executive Officers (3)
 
 

Value
 of Initial Fixed $100 Investment Based on Total Shareholder Return
 
 

Net
 Income
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

2022
 
 

$
142,433
 
 

 
 
 
 

$
154,095
 
 

$
—
 
 

$
146,380
 
 

$
166,022
 
 

$
68
 
 

$
3,503,530
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

2023
 
 

$
93,461
 
 

$
175,924
 
 

$
43,059
 
 

$
1,045,940
 
 

$
193,165
 
 

$
256,879
 
 

$
10
 
 

$
2,954,972
 

 

(1)

The
 Principal Executive Officer (“PEO”) information reflected in columns (a) and (b) relates to our CEO, Cecilia Lenk (until
 January 3, 2023) (“First PEO”) and Martin Kay (from January 3. 2023 until April 30, 2023), (“Second PEO”).
 The non-Principal Executive Officer (“non-PEO”) NEOs information reflected in columns (c) and (d) above relates to our
 CFO Coreen Kraysler and Founder, Jason Frishman.

(2)

The
 amounts shown in this column are the average total compensation reported for the non-PEO NEOs, as applicable, for each corresponding
 year in the”Total” column of the Summary Compensation. Please refer to “Executive Compensation—Compensation
 Tables—Summary Compensation Table.”

(3)

The
 amounts shown have been calculated in accordance with Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K and do not reflect compensation actually realized
 or received by the Company’s PEO and non-PEO NEOs. In accordance with the requirements of Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, adjustments
 were made to Ms. Lenk’s and Mr. Kay’s total compensation, as applicable, or the average total compensation of the non-PEO
 NEOs, as applicable, as described in the tables below.

 

47

 

 

First
PEO (Cecilia Lenk) SCT Total to CAP Reconciliation

 

Year
 

Summary
 Compensation Total
 
 

Less
 Stock
 
Awards
 
 

Less
 Option
 
Awards
 
 

Fair
 Value
 
Adjustments
 
to
 SCT
 
Total
 
 

CAP
 

2023
 

$
93,461
 
 

$
-
 
 

$
(4,833
)
 

$
(45,569
)
 

$
43,059
 

2022
 

 
142,433
 
 

 
(40,608
)
 

 
(5,825
)
 

 
58,095
 
 

 
154,095
 

 

Second
PEO (Martin Kay) SCT Total to CAP Reconciliation

 

Year
 

Summary
 Compensation Total
 
 

Less
 Stock
 
Awards
 
 

Less
 Option
 
Awards
 
 

Fair
 Value
 
Adjustments
 
to
 SCT
 
Total
 
 

CAP
 

2023
 

$
175,924
 
 

$
-
 
 

$
(81,309
)
 

$
951,325
 
 

$
1,045,940
 

2022
 

 
-
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
-
 

 

Average
Non-PEO NEOs SCT Total to CAP Reconciliation

 

Year
 

Summary
 Compensation Total
 
 

Less
 Stock
 
Awards
 
 

Less
 Option
 
Awards
 
 

Fair
 Value
 
Adjustments
 
to
 SCT
 
Total
 
 

CAP
 

2023
 

$
193,165
 
 

$
-
 
 

$
(17,285
)
 

$
80,999
 
 

$
256,879
 

2022
 

 
146,380
 
 

 
(50,052
)
 

 
(7,766
)
 

 
77,459
 
 

 
166,022
 

 

First
PEO (Cecilia Lenk) Equity Component of CAP

 

Year
 

Fair
 Value of
 
Current
 Year
 
Equity
 Awards at
 
December
 31,
 
 

Change
 in
 
Fair
 Value of
 
Prior
 Years’
 
Awards
 
Unvested
 at
 
December
 31,
 
 

Change
 in Fair
 
Value
 of Prior
 
Years’
 Awards
 
Vested
 through the
 
Year
 Ended
 
December
 31,
 
 

Change
 in Fair
 
Value
 of Prior
 
Years’
 Awards
 
Failed
 to Vest
 
through
 the Year
 
Ended

 December 31,
 
 

Equity
 Value
 
Included
 in CAP
 

 
 

 
(a)
 
 

 
(b)
 
 

 
(c)
 
 

 
(d)
 
 

 
(e)
 =
 
(a)+(b)+(c)+(d)
 

2023
 

$
-
 
 

$
(33,417
)
 

$
-
 
 

$
(12,152
)
 

$
(45,569
)

2022
 

 
54,464
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
3,631
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
58,095
 

 

48

 

 

Second
PEO (Martin Kay) Equity Component of CAP

 

Year
 

Fair
 Value of
 
Current
 Year
 
Equity
 Awards at
 
December
 31,
 
 

Change
 in
 
Fair
 Value of
 
Prior
 Years’
 
Awards
 
Unvested
 at
 
December
 31,
 
 

Change
 in Fair
 
Value
 of Prior
 
Years’
 Awards
 
Vested
 through the
 
Year
 Ended
 
December
 31,
 
 

Change
 in Fair
 
Value
 of Prior
 
Years’
 Awards
 
Failed
 to Vest
 
through
 the Year
 
Ended

 December 31,
 
 

Equity
 Value
 
Included
 in CAP
 

 
 

 
(a)
 
 

 
(b)
 
 

 
(c)
 
 

 
(d)
 
 

 
(e)
 =
 
(a)+(b)+(c)+(d)
 

2023
 

$
872,048
 
 

$
-
 
 

$
79,277
 
 

$
-
 
 

$
951,325
 

2022
 

 
-
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
-
 

 

Average
Non-PEO NEOs Equity Component of CAP

 

Year
 

Fair
 Value of
 
Current
 Year
 
Equity
 Awards at
 
December
 31,
 
 

Change
 in
 
Fair
 Value of
 
Prior
 Years’
 
Awards
 
Unvested
 at
 
December
 31,
 
 

Change
 in Fair
 
Value
 of Prior
 
Years’
 Awards
 
Vested
 through the
 
Year
 Ended
 
December
 31,
 
 

Change
 in Fair
 
Value
 of Prior
 
Years’
 Awards
 
Failed
 to Vest
 
through
 the Year
 
Ended

 December 31,
 
 

Equity
 Value
 
Included
 in
 
CAP
 

 
 

 
(a)
 
 

 
(b)
 
 

 
(c)
 
 

 
(d)
 
 

 
(e)
 = (a)+(b)+(c)+(d)
 

2023
 

$
130,998
 
 

$
(44,556
)
 

$
10,759
 
 

$
(16,202
)
 

$
80,999
 

2022
 

 
72,618
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
4,841
 
 

 
-
 
 

 
77,459
 

 

49

 

 

Compensation
Plans

 

2021
Equity Incentive Plan and 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan

 

The
following table shows information regarding our equity compensation plans as of April 30, 2023.

 

Plan Category
 

Number
 of
 
securities
 to be
 
issued
 upon exercise of
 
outstanding
 options,
 
warrants
 and rights (a)
 
 

Weighted
 average
 
exercise
 price
 
of
 outstanding options,
 
warrants
 and rights (b)
 
 

Number
 of securities
 
remaining
 available
 
for
 future issuance
 
under
 equity
 
compensation
 plans
 
(excluding
 securities
 
reflected
 in column (c)
 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1)
 

 
1,950,000
 
 

$
1.42
 
 

 
50,000
 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2)
 

 
252,000
 
 

$
10.50
 
 

 
48,000
 

Total
 

 
2,202,000
 
 

$
2.46
 
 

 
98,000
 

 

(1)

2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan
. On January 3, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted the Netcapital
Inc., 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2023 Plan”), subject to the approval of the 2023 Plan by the Company’s
stockholders. The total number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2023 Plan is (i) 2,000,000 shares of common
stock plus (ii) an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning with May 1, 2024 and ending with the last May 1 during
the initial ten-year term of the 2023 Plan, equal to the lesser of (A) five percent (5%) of the shares of common stock outstanding (on
an as-converted basis, which shall include Shares issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all outstanding securities or rights convertible
into or exercisable for shares of common stock, including without limitation, preferred stock, warrants and employee options to purchase
any shares of common stock) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (B) such lesser number of shares of common
stock as determined by the Board; provided, that, shares of common stock issued under the 2023 Plan with respect to an Exempt Award shall
not count against such share limit. No more than 2,000,000 Shares, and as increased on an annual basis, on the first day of each calendar
year beginning with May 1, 2024 and ending with the last May 1 during the initial ten-year term of the Plan, by the lesser of (A) five
percent (5%) of the shares of common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis, which shall include shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise or conversion of all outstanding securities or rights convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock, including
without limitation, preferred stock, warrants and employee options to purchase any shares of common stock) on the final day of the immediately
preceding calendar year; (B) 300,000 shares of common stock, and (C) such lesser number of shares of common stock as determined by the
Board, shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs. As of April 30, 2023, we had awarded an aggregate of 1,950,000 options to purchase
shares of common stock to directors and there remain 50,000 shares for grant under the 2023 Plan.

 

Administration.

The 2023 Plan will be administered by the Board or a committee to which the Board delegates such responsibility (the “Administrator”).
The 2023 Plan will be administered by the Administrator in accordance with Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. The Administrator may interpret
the 2023 Plan and may prescribe, amend and rescind rules and make all other determinations necessary or desirable for the administration
of the 2023 Plan. The 2023 Plan permits the Administrator to select the eligible recipients who will receive awards (“Awards”),
to determine the terms and conditions of those awards, including but not limited to the exercise price or other purchase price of an
award, the number of shares of common stock or cash or other property subject to an award, the term of an award and the vesting schedule
applicable to an award, to determine the terms and conditions of written instruments evidencing such awards (an “Award Agreement”)
and to amend the terms and conditions of outstanding awards.

 

50

 

 

Eligibility.

Employees, directors and independent contractors of the Company or any of its affiliates of the Company will be eligible to receive
Awards under the 2023 Plan, subject to certain limitations to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the
Code. The participants in the 2023 Plan shall be selected from time to time by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, from those
individuals that qualify as eligible recipients.

 

Consideration
for Awards.
 The purchase price for any Award granted under the 2023 Plan or the common stock to be delivered pursuant to any such
Award, as applicable, may be paid by means of any lawful consideration as determined by the Administrator, including, without limitation,
one or a combination of the following methods:

 

 

●

services
 rendered by the recipient of such Award;

 

●

cash,
 check payable to the order of the Company, or electronic funds transfer;

 

●

notice
 and third party payment in such manner as may be authorized by the Administrator;

 

●

the
 delivery of previously owned and fully vested shares of common stock;

 

●

by
 a reduction in the number of Shares otherwise deliverable pursuant to the Award; or

 

●

subject
 to such procedures as the Administrator may adopt, pursuant to a “cashless exercise”
 with a third party

who
 provides financing for the purposes of (or who otherwise facilitates) the purchase or exercise of Awards.

 

Awards.

The 2023 Plan permits the grant of: (a) stock options, which may be intended as incentive stock options (“ISOs”) or as
nonqualified stock options (options not meeting the requirements to qualify as ISOs); (b) stock appreciation rights (“SARs”);
(c) restricted stock; (d) restricted stock units; (e) cash incentive awards; or (f) other awards, including: (i) stock bonuses, performance
stock, performance units, dividend equivalents, or similar rights to purchase or acquire Shares, whether at a fixed or variable price
or ratio related to the common stock, upon the passage of time, the occurrence of one or more events, or the satisfaction of performance
criteria or other conditions, or any combination thereof; or (ii) any similar securities with a value derived from the value of or related
to the common stock and/or returns thereon.

 

Adjustments.

To the extent necessary to preserve the economic intent of an Award or of the 2023 Plan, following a “Change in Capitalization”,
such other equitable substitutions or adjustments shall be made as may be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. A
“Change in Capitalization” means any of the following: (i) merger, consolidation, reclassification, recapitalization, spin-off,
spin-out, repurchase or other reorganization or corporate transaction or event, (ii) special or extraordinary dividend or other extraordinary
distribution (whether in the form of cash, common stock or other property), stock split, reverse stock split, share subdivision or consolidation,
(iii) combination or exchange of shares or (iv) other change in corporate structure, which, in any such case, the Administrator determines,
in its sole discretion, affects the Shares such that an adjustment would be appropriate.

 

Options.

Options granted under the 2023 Plan shall be designated as nonqualified stock options or ISOs. Each participant (“Participant”)
who is granted an option (“Option”) shall enter into an Award Agreement with the Company, containing such terms and conditions
as the Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, including, among other things, the Exercise Price (as defined in the 2023
Plan) of the Option, the term of the Option and provisions regarding exercisability of the Option, and whether the Option is intended
to be an ISO or a nonqualified stock option (and in the event the Award Agreement has no such designation, the Option shall be a nonqualified
stock option). The provisions of each Option need not be the same with respect to each Participant. More than one Option may be granted
to the same Participant and be outstanding concurrently hereunder. The Exercise Price of Shares purchasable under an Option shall be
determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion at the time of grant, but in no event shall the exercise price of an Option be
less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of common stock on the date of grant. The maximum term of each
Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Option shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years after the date such Option is
granted. The Administrator shall have the authority to accelerate the exercisability of any outstanding Option at such time and under
such circumstances as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.

 

Each
Option shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions, including the attainment of performance goals,
as shall be determined by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement.

 

51

 

 

The
Administrator may also provide that any Option shall be exercisable only in installments, and the Administrator may waive such installment
exercise provisions at any time, in whole or in part, based on such factors as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion.
The Administrator shall have the authority to accelerate the exercisability of any outstanding Option at such time and under such circumstances
as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.

 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the 2023 Plan, if an ISO is granted to a participant who owns Shares representing more than ten percent (10%)
of the voting power of all classes of Shares of the Company at the time of grant, its “parent corporation” (as such term
is defined in Section 424(e) of the Code) or a subsidiary of the Company, the term of the ISO shall not exceed five (5) years from the
time of grant of such ISO and the Exercise Price shall be at least one hundred and ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the
Shares on the date of grant. A Participant shall have no rights to dividends, dividend equivalents or distributions or any other rights
of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to an Option until the Participant has given written notice of the exercise thereof,
and has paid in full for such Shares and has satisfied the requirements of the 2023 Plan.

 

Treatment
of an Option upon termination of employment of a Participant shall be provided for by the Administrator in the Award Agreement. An Option
shall be affected, both with regard to vesting schedule and termination, by leaves of absence, including unpaid and un-protected leaves
of absence, changes from full-time to part-time employment, partial disability or other changes in the employment status or service status
of a Participant, in the discretion of the Administrator.

 

Stock
Appreciation Rights.
 The Administrator will be authorized to award SARs under the 2023 Plan. SARs will be subject to the terms and
conditions established by the Administrator and reflected in the Award Agreement. A SAR is a contractual right that allows a participant
to receive, in the form of either cash, Shares or any combination of cash and Shares, the appreciation, if any, in the value of a Share
over a certain period of time. An option granted under the 2023 Plan may include SARs, and SARs may also be awarded to a participant
independent of the grant of an option. SARs granted in connection with an option shall be subject to terms similar to the option corresponding
to such SARs.

 

Restricted
Stock and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).
 The Administrator will be authorized to award restricted stock or RSUs under the 2023 Plan.
Awards of restricted stock and RSUs will be subject to the terms and conditions established by the Administrator at its sole discretion.

 

Other
Stock-Based Awards.
 Other Stock-Based Awards may be issued under the 2023 Plan. Subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, the Administrator
shall have sole and complete authority to determine the individuals to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock-Based Awards
shall be granted. An example of an Other Stock-Based Award is a performance bonus payable as common stock.

 

Change
in Control.
 In the event that a change in control occurs, as defined in the 2023 Plan to include, among other things, the acquisition
by a person of more than 50% of the voting power of the Company, the Administrator may, at its sole discretion, modify any unvested and
un-exercisable portion of any Award to make it fully vested and exercisable.

 

Amendment
and Termination 
The Board may amend, alter or terminate the 2023 Plan at any time, but no amendment, alteration or termination shall
be made that would impair the rights of a participant under any Award theretofore granted without such participant’s consent. The
Board shall obtain approval of the Company’s stockholders for any amendment that would require such approval in order to satisfy
the requirements of any rules of the stock exchange on which the common stock is traded or other applicable law.

 

The
foregoing description of the 2023 Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the 2023 Plan, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference.

 

(2)

2021 Equity Incentive Plan
. In November 2021, our Board adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”).
An aggregate of 300,000 shares of our common stock is reserved for issuance and available for awards under the Plan, including incentive
stock options granted under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan administrator may grant awards to any employee, director, consultant or other
person providing services to us or our affiliates. As of April 30, 2023, we had awarded an aggregate of 252,000 options to purchase shares
of common stock to directors and there remain 48,000 shares for grant under the 2021 Plan.

 

52

 

 

The
2021 Plan is administered by our Board. The 2021 Plan administrator has the authority to determine, within the limits of the express
provisions of the 2021 Plan, the individuals to whom awards will be granted, the nature, amount and terms of such awards and the objectives
and conditions for earning such awards. Our Board may at any time amend or terminate the 2021 Plan, provided that no such action may
be taken that adversely affects any rights or obligations with respect to any awards previously made under the 2021 Plan without the
consent of the recipient. No awards may be made under the 2021 Plan after the tenth anniversary of its effective date.

 

Awards
under the 2021 Plan may include incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”),
restricted shares of common stock, restricted stock units, performance share awards, stock bonuses and other stock-based awards and cash-based
incentive awards.

 

Stock
Options
. The 2021 Plan administrator may grant to a participant options to purchase our common stock that qualify as incentive stock
options for purposes of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code (“incentive stock options”), options that do not qualify
as incentive stock options (“non-qualified stock options”) or a combination thereof. The terms and conditions of stock option
grants, including the quantity, price, vesting periods, and other conditions on exercise will be determined by the 2021 Plan administrator.
The exercise price for stock options will be determined by the 2021 Plan administrator in its discretion, but non-qualified stock options
and incentive stock options may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of one share of our company’s common stock on the
date when the stock option is granted. Additionally, in the case of incentive stock options granted to a holder of more than 10% of the
total combined voting power of all classes of our stock on the date of grant, the exercise price may not be less than 110% of the fair
market value of one share of common stock on the date the stock option is granted. Stock options must be exercised within a period fixed
by the 2021 Plan administrator that may not exceed ten years from the date of grant, except that in the case of incentive stock options
granted to a holder of more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock on the date of grant, the exercise
period may not exceed five years. At the 2021 Plan administrator’s discretion, payment for shares of common stock on the exercise
of stock options may be made in cash, shares of our common stock held by the participant or in any other form of consideration acceptable
to the 2021 Plan administrator (including one or more forms of “cashless” or “net” exercise).

 

Stock
Appreciation Rights
. The 2021 Plan administrator may grant to a participant an award of SARs, which entitles the participant to receive,
upon its exercise, a payment equal to (i) the excess of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the exercise date over the
SAR exercise price, times (ii) the number of shares of common stock with respect to which the SAR is exercised. The exercise price for
a SAR will be determined by the 2021 Plan administrator in its discretion; provided, however, that in no event shall the exercise price
be less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant.

 

Restricted
Shares and Restricted Units
. The 2021 Plan administrator may award to a participant shares of common stock subject to specified restrictions
(“restricted shares”). Restricted shares are subject to forfeiture if the participant does not meet certain conditions such
as continued employment over a specified forfeiture period and/or the attainment of specified performance targets over the forfeiture
period. The 2021 Plan administrator also may award to a participant units representing the right to receive shares of common stock in
the future subject to the achievement of one or more goals relating to the completion of service by the participant and/or the achievement
of performance or other objectives (“restricted units”). The terms and conditions of restricted share and restricted unit
awards are determined by the 2021 Plan administrator.

 

Stock
Bonuses
. Stock bonuses may be granted as additional compensation for service or performance and may be settled in the form of common
stock, cash or a combination thereof, and may be subject to restrictions, which may vest subject to continued service and/or the achievement
of performance conditions.

 

Performance
Awards
. The 2021 Plan administrator may grant performance awards to participants under such terms and conditions as the 2021 Plan
administrator deems appropriate. A performance award entitles a participant to receive a payment from us, the amount of which is based
upon the attainment of predetermined performance targets over a specified award period. Performance awards may be paid in cash, shares
of common stock or a combination thereof, as determined by the 2021 Plan administrator.

 

 

Other
Stock-Based Awards
. The 2021 Plan administrator may grant equity-based or equity-related awards, referred to as “other stock-based
awards,” other than options, SARs, restricted shares, restricted units, or performance awards. The terms and conditions of each
other stock-based award will be determined by the 2021 Plan administrator. Payment under any other stock-based awards will be made in
common stock or cash, as determined by the 2021 Plan administrator.

 

53

 

 

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

 

Policies
and Procedures for Transactions with Related Parties

 

Our
Chief Executive Officer or our Chief Financial Officer must review and approve certain transactions between us and Related Parties (as
defined below). A “Related-Party Transaction” is defined as a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of
similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we (including any of our subsidiaries) were, are or will be a participant.

 

For
the purposes of our Related-Party Transactions, a “Related Party” is defined as: any person who is, or at any time since
the beginning of our last two fiscal years was, a director or executive officer or a nominee to become a director; any person who is
known to be the beneficial owner of more than ten percent of our common stock; any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons,
including any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law
or sister-in-law, and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of any of the foregoing persons; and any firm,
corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is a general partner or, for other ownership interests, a limited partner
or other owner in which such person has a beneficial ownership interest of 10% or more.

 

Transactions
with Related Parties

 

Below
we describe transactions and any series of related transactions to which we were a party, or may be a party, and which we have entered
into since April 30, 2020.

 

Transactions
with Related Parties

 

The
Company’s largest shareholder, Netcapital DE LLC, of which Mr. Frishman owns a 29% interest, owned 1,711,261 shares of common stock,
or approximately 18% of the Company as of December 14, 2023. As of April 30, 2022, the Company accrued a payable to Netcapital
DE LLC of $294,054 for supplemental consideration owed in conjunction with its purchase of Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., which was
paid in full on July 14, 2022, with the issuance to Netcapital DE LLC of 39,901 shares of the Company’s common stock. The Company
paid Netcapital DE LLC $430,000 and $357,429 in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, for use of the software that runs
the www.netcapital.com website and $5,000 and $150,000 in the six-month periods ended October 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. The Company also had a sale of $4,660 and $15,000 for consulting services to Netcaptial DE LLC during fiscal 2023 and 2022,
respectively, and no sales during the six-month periods ended October 31, 2023 and 2022.

 

Cecilia
Lenk, the CEO of our wholly owned subsidiary, Netcapital Advisors Inc., is a member of the board of directors of KingsCrowd Inc. The
Company sold 606,060 shares of KingsCrowd Inc. in June 2022 for proceeds of $200,000 and recorded a realized loss on the sale of the
investment of $406,060. As of October 31, 2023 and April 30, 2023, the Company owned 3,209,685 shares of KingsCrowd Inc., valued
at $3,209,685.

 

Cecilia
Lenk, the CEO of our wholly owned subsidiary, Netcapital Advisors Inc. is a member of the board of directors of Deuce Drone LLC. As of
October 31, 2023 and April 30, 2023, the Company owns 2,350,000 membership interest units of Deuce Drone LLC., valued at $2,350,000.
The Company has notes receivable aggregating $152,000 from Deuce Drone LLC as of October 31, 2023 and April 30, 2023. These notes
accrue interest at an annual rate of 8.0% and are not currently in default.

 

54

 

 

Compensation
to a related party consultant John Fanning, Jr., son of our CFO, (i) in the six months ended October 31, 2023 and 2022
consisted of cash wages of $16,163 and $16,154, respectively and (ii) in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 consisted of common
stock valued at $0 and $25,908, respectively, and cash compensation of $60,039 and $60,000, respectively. This consultant is also the
controlling shareholder of Zelgor Inc. and the Company earned revenues from Zelgor Inc. of (i) $33,000 and $27,500 in the six
months ended October 31, 2023 and 2022 respectively and (ii) $66,000 and $5,500 in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. The Company owns 1,400,000 shares of Zelgor Inc., valued at $1,400,000 and holds a note receivable of $50,000 as of April
30, 2022.

 

We
owe Steven Geary, a director, $31,680 as of October 31, 2023 and April 30, 2023. This obligation is not interest bearing. $16,680
is recorded as a related party trade accounts payable and $15,000 as a related party note payable. We have no signed agreements for the
indebtedness to Mr. Geary and accordingly such obligations are not deemed in default. We owe Paul Riss, a director of our Netcapital
Funding Portal, Inc., $58,524, which is recorded as a related party trade accounts payable, and along with the $16,680 amount due to
Mr. Geary, accounts for the total related party trade accounts payable amount of $75,204. Mr. Riss’ related party trade accounts
payable obligations is not interest bearing and it not deemed in default.

 

The
Company made an investment of $240,080 in an affiliate, 6A Aviation Alaska Consortium, Inc., in conjunction with a land lease in an airport
in Alaska. Our CEO of our wholly owned subsidiary, Netcapital Advisors Inc., Cecilia Lenk, is also the CEO of 6A Aviation Alaska Consortium,
Inc. As a result of the investment, the Company is a 10% owner of 6A Aviation Consortium Inc.

 

In
November 2021, we issued Avi Liss, a member of our Board 10,000 shares of common stock for his service as a member of our board and audit
committee, valued at $100,000. On February 2, 2022, the Company granted to members of our Board an aggregate of 25,000 options to purchase
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $10.50 per share. An option to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock was granted
to the Cecilia Lenk our then Chairman of the Board and each of the three independent board members, Avi Liss, Thomas Carmody and Steven
Geary, received an option to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock. The options vest on a monthly basis over 48 months and expire in
10 years.

 

In
January 2023 we granted stock options to purchase an aggregate of 1,600,000 shares of our common stock to four related parties as follows:
our Chief Executive Officer, Martin Kay, 1,000,000 shares; our Chief Financial Officer, Coreen Kraysler 200,000 shares; our Founder,
Jason Frishman, 200,000 shares; and a director of Netcapital Funding Portal, Inc., Paul Riss, 200,000 shares. The options have an exercise
price of $1.43, vest monthly on a straight-line basis over a 4-year period and expire in 10 years.

 

On
April 25, 2023, the Company also granted an aggregate of 80,000 options, or 20,000 options each to the following board members: Cecilia
Lenk, Avi Liss, Steven Geary and Arnold Scott, to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $1.40 per share. The options
vest monthly on a straight-line basis over a 4-year period and expire in 10 years.

 

Coreen
Kraysler, our Chief Financial Officer, has personally guaranteed a $500,000 promissory note from the U.S. Small Business Administration.
The note bears interest at an annual rate of 3.75%, has a 30-year term, and monthly payments of $2,594 began on December 17, 2022.

 

55

 

 

SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

 

The
following table sets forth the number of shares of and percent of the Company’s common stock beneficially owned as of December
14, 2023, by (i) each person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known by us to own more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding
shares of our common stock, (ii) each director, executive officer and director nominee, and (iii) all of our directors, executive officers
and director nominees as a group, immediately prior to this offering, and immediately after the closing of this offering, as adjusted
to reflect the assumed sale of the shares of common stock and warrants but without giving effect to the exercise of the warrants or
the Placement Agent’s Warrants. 

 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of
securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting or investment power with respect to such securities. In addition, pursuant to
such rules, we deemed outstanding shares of common stock subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days of December 14, 2023. We did not deem such shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished
to us, that the beneficial owners named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common
stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. The inclusion in the table below of any shares deemed
beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares.

 

 

 
 
 

Percent of Common Stock
 

Name and Address 
of
 Beneficial Owner (1)
 

Number
 of Shares
 
 

Before
 Offering*
 
 

After
 Offering*
 

5% Stockholders:
 

 
 
 

 
 
 

 
 

Netcapital DE LLC (2)
 

 
1,711,261
 
 

 
18.1
%
 

 
 
7.1
 
%

Bard Associates, Inc. (3)
 

 
1,494,835
 
 

 
15.4
%
 

 
 
6.1
 
%

Officers and Directors:
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 

Jason Frishman (4)
 

 
 
1,775,428
 
 
 

 
18.6
%
 

 
 
7.3
 
%

Martin Kay (5)
 

 
 
270,833
 
 
 

 
 
2.8
 
%
 

 
 
1.1
 
%

Cecilia Lenk (6)
 

 
 
34,818
 
 
 

 
**%
 
 

 
**%
 

Coreen Kraysler (7)
 

 
 
86,667
 
 
 

 
**%
 
 

 
**%
 

Avi Liss (8)
 

 
 
17,667
 
 
 

 
**%
 
 

 
**%
 

Steven Geary (8)
 

 
 
16,967
 
 
 

 
**%
 
 

 
**%
 

Arnold Scott (9)
 

 
 
90,307
 
 
 

 
**%
 
 

 
**%
 

Officers and Directors as a group ( 7 persons)
 

 
 
2,292,686
 
 
 

 
 
23.2
 
%
 

 
 
9.73
 
%

 

*
 
Based on 9,459,132 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 14, 2023
 and 24,165,014 shares outstanding following the offering.

** Less than 1%

 

(1)

Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each member of our Board is c/o Netcapital Inc. 1 Lincoln Street, Boston Massachusetts 02111.

(2)

The
 natural person with investment control over the securities held by Netcapital DE LLC is Jason Frishman. Netcapital DE LLC has agreed
 to vote its shares of common stock to support the resolutions of the board of directors of Netcapital Inc. on any matters that are
 brought to a shareholder vote.

(3)

Based
 solely on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on May 26, 2023, Bard Associates Inc. is an investment manager and beneficially owns
 1,494,835 shares of our common stock (including 233,525 shares of common stock under presently exercisable warrants), including sole
 voting power over 73,000 shares, sole dispositive power over 73,000 shares, shared dispositive power over 1,421,835 shares; and Timothy
 Johnson has sole dispositive power over 101,000 shares. The address for Bard Associates Inc. and Timothy Johnson is 135 South LaSalle
 Street, Suite 3700, Chicago, IL 60603.

(4)

Includes
 (i) 64,167 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after
 December 14, 2023, and (ii) 1,711,261 shares of common stock held by Netcapital Systems LLC, an entity that Jason Frishman
 is the President of and in such capacity has the right to vote and dispose of the securities held by such entity.

(5)

Includes
 270,833 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after
 December 14, 2023.

(6)

Includes
 9,167 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after December
 14, 2023.

(7)

Includes
 64,167 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after
 December 14, 2023.

(8)

Includes
 6,667 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after December
 14, 2023.

(9)

Includes
 4,167 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December
 14, 2023 .

 

56

 

 

SHARES
ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE

 

Prior
to this offering, there was a limited public market for our common stock, and a liquid trading market for our common stock may not develop
or be sustained after this offering. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the anticipation
of such sales, could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock from time to time and could impair our future ability
to raise equity capital in the future. Furthermore, when additional shares of our common stock are available for sale shortly after this
offering due to certain contractual and legal restrictions on resale described below, sales of substantial amounts of our common stock
in the public market after such restrictions lapse, or the anticipation of such sales, could adversely affect the prevailing market price
of our common stock and our ability to raise equity capital in the future.

 

Prior
to the completion of this offering, there were 9,459,132 shares of common stock outstanding. Of the 9,459,132 shares of common stock
outstanding, 250,000 shares of common stock previously were registered for resale under the Securities Act and 5,464,000 shares of common
stock were previously registered under our prior registered securities offerings.

 

Upon
the completion of this offering, we will have a total of 24,165,014 shares of common stock outstanding based upon 9,459,132 shares
outstanding and the sale of 14,705,882 shares of common stock, assuming no exercise or conversion of outstanding options, warrants,
or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock (including the warrants sold in this offering). Of
such outstanding shares:

 

 

●

all
 of the shares of common stock sold in this offering will be freely tradable, except that any shares purchased in this offering by
 our affiliates, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, would only be able to be sold in compliance with the
 Rule 144 limitations described below; and

 

 

 

 

●

of
 the 9,459,132 shares outstanding prior to consummation of this offering 1,866,852 shares will be subject to the lock-up agreements
 described below, all of which are held by affiliates of the Company and will be subject to sale in compliance with the Rule 144 following
 the expiration of the lock-up agreements.

 

Sales
of substantial amounts of common stock, including shares issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, or the perception that such
sales could occur, could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could impair our future ability to
raise capital through the sale of our equity or equity-related securities at a time and price that we deem appropriate. See “Risk
Factors— Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock following this offering may adversely affect the market price
of our common stock and the issuance of additional shares will dilute all other stockholders.”

 

57

 

 

Rule
144

 

In
general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, a person (or persons whose shares are required to be aggregated) who is not deemed to
have been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time during the 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially
owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner other than our affiliates,
is entitled to sell those shares without complying with the manner of sale, volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144, subject
to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be
sold for at least one year, including the holding period of any prior owner other than our affiliates, then that person is entitled to
sell those shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144.

 

In
general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are entitled to
sell upon expiration of the lock-up agreements described above, within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed
the greater of:

 

In
general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are entitled to
sell upon expiration of the lock-up agreements described above, within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed
the greater of:

 

 

●

1%
 of the number of the shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal approximately 241,650 shares, based on the
 number of shares of our common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering; or

 

 

 

 

●

The
 average weekly trading volume of the shares of common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form
 144 with respect to that sale.

 

Sales
under Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions
and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.

 

58

 

 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES

 

General

 

Our
articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 900,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of $0.001 per share.

 

As
of December 14, 2023, there were 9,459,132 shares of our common stock outstanding.

 

Common
Stock

 

The
holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share. In addition, the holders of our common stock will be entitled
to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by our Board out of legally available funds; however, the current policy
of our Board is to retain earnings, if any, for operations and growth. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our
common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets that are legally available for distribution. The holders of our common stock
will have no preemptive rights.

 

Warrants
to be Issued in this Offering

 

Common
Stock Purchase Warrants 

 

The
following summary of certain terms and provisions of the common stock purchase warrants offered hereby is not complete and is subject
to, and qualified in its entirety by, the provisions of the common stock purchase warrant, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to
the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Prospective investors should carefully review the terms and provisions
of the form of common stock purchase warrant for a complete description of the terms and conditions of the common stock purchase warrants.

 

Duration
and Exercise Price
. The common stock purchase warrants will be issued in certificated form only. Each common stock purchase warrant
offered hereby will have an exercise price of $ per share. The common stock purchase warrants will be exercisable beginning on the effective
date of the Warrant Stockholder Approval, provided, however, that, if the Pricing Conditions are satisfied, the common stock purchase
warrants will be exercisable immediately (the “Initial Exercise Date”). The series A-1 warrants will expire on the 5-year
anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date. The series A-2 warrants will expire on the 18-month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date.
The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the common stock purchase warrants is subject to appropriate
adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, reorganizations or similar events affecting our common stock and the exercise
price. The common stock purchase warrants will be issued separately from the common stock or pre-funded warrants, respectively, and may
be transferred separately immediately thereafter.

 

We
intend to promptly, and in no event later than 90 days after the consummation of this offering, seek stockholder approval for the issuance
of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the common stock purchase warrants but we cannot assure you that such stockholder
approval will be obtained, provided, however, that, if and only if the Pricing Conditions are satisfied, then we will not seek
Warrant Stockholder Approval. We have agreed with the investors in this offering that, if we do not obtain stockholder approval for the
issuance of the shares of common stock upon exercise of the common stock purchase warrants at the first stockholder meeting for such
purpose after this offering, we will call a stockholder meeting every 90 days thereafter until the earlier of the date we obtain such
approval or the common stock purchase warrants are no longer outstanding, provided, however, that, if and only if the Pricing Conditions
are satisfied, then we will not seek Warrant Stockholder Approval.

 

Exercisability
.
The common stock purchase warrants will be exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part, by delivering to us a duly
executed exercise notice accompanied by payment in full for the number of shares of our common stock purchased upon such exercise (except
in the case of a cashless exercise as discussed below). A holder (together with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of such
holder’s common stock purchase warrants to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99% (or at the election of the holder
prior to the issuance of any warrants, 9.99%) of the outstanding common stock immediately after exercise, except that upon at least 61
days’ prior notice from the holder to us, the holder may increase the amount of ownership of outstanding stock after exercising
the holder’s common stock purchase warrants up to 9.99% of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the common stock purchase warrants.
The ownership limit may be decreased upon notice from the holder to us.

 

Cashless
Exercise
. If, at the time a holder exercises its warrants, a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of common
stock underlying the common stock purchase warrants under the Securities Act is not then effective or available for the issuance of such
shares, then in lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to us upon such exercise in payment of the aggregate
exercise price, the holder may elect instead to receive upon such exercise (either in whole or in part) the net number of shares of common
stock determined according to a formula set forth in the common stock purchase warrant.

 

Fundamental
Transactions.
 In the event of a fundamental transaction, as described in the common stock purchase warrants and generally including
any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of our shares of common stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all
or substantially all of our properties or assets, our consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of 50% or
more of the voting power represented by our outstanding shares of capital stock, any person or group becoming the beneficial owner of
50% or more of the voting power represented by our outstanding shares of capital stock, any merger with or into another entity or a tender
offer or exchange offer approved by 50% or more of the voting power represented by our outstanding shares of capital, then upon any subsequent
exercise of a warrant, the holder will have the right to receive as alternative consideration, for each share of our common stock that
would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such fundamental transaction, the number of shares
of common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of our company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration
receivable upon or as a result of such transaction by a holder of the number of shares of our common stock for which the common stock
purchase warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a fundamental transaction,
the holders of the common stock purchase warrants have the right to require us or a successor entity to redeem the common stock purchase
warrants for cash in the amount of the Black-Scholes Value (as defined in each common stock purchase warrant) of the unexercised portion
of the common stock purchase warrants concurrently with or within 30 days following the consummation of a fundamental transaction.

 

59

 

 

However,
in the event of a fundamental transaction which is not in our control, including a fundamental transaction not approved by our board
of directors, the holders of the common stock purchase warrants will only be entitled to receive from us or our successor entity, as
of the date of consummation of such fundamental transaction the same type or form of consideration (and in the same proportion), at the
Black Scholes Value of the unexercised portion of the common stock purchase warrants that is being offered and paid to the holders of
our common stock in connection with the fundamental transaction, whether that consideration is in the form of cash, stock or any combination
of cash and stock, or whether the holders of our common stock are given the choice to receive alternative forms of consideration in connection
with the fundamental transaction. If holders of our common stock are not offered or paid any consideration in the fundamental transaction,
holders of common stock will be deemed to have received common stock of our successor entity.

 

Transferability
.
Subject to applicable laws, a warrant may be transferred at the option of the holder upon surrender of the common stock purchase warrant
to us together with the appropriate instruments of transfer.

 

Fractional
Shares
. No fractional shares of common stock will be issued upon the exercise of the common stock purchase warrants. Rather, the
number of shares of common stock to be issued will, at our election, either be rounded up to the next whole share or we will pay a cash
adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the exercise price.

 

Trading
Market
. There is no established trading market for the common stock purchase warrants, and we do not expect such a market to develop.
We do not intend to apply to list the common stock purchase warrants on any securities exchange or other nationally recognized trading
system. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of the common stock purchase warrants will be extremely limited.

 

No
Rights as a Stockholder
. Except as otherwise provided in the common stock purchase warrants or by virtue of the holder’s ownership
of shares of our common stock, such holder of common stock purchase warrants does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of our
common stock, including any voting rights, until such holder exercises such holder’s common stock purchase warrants. The warrants
will provide that the holders of the warrants have the right to participate in distributions or dividends paid on our shares of common
stock.

 

Amendments
.
The common stock purchase warrants may be modified or amended with the written consent of the holder of such common stock purchase warrant
and us.

 

Pre-Funded
Warrants

 

The
following summary of certain terms and provisions of the pre-funded warrants that are being offered hereby in lieu of shares of
common stock is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the provisions of the pre-funded warrant, the form
of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.

 

Duration
and Exercise Price
. The pre-funded warrants will be issued in certificated form only. Each pre-funded warrant offered hereby
will have an initial exercise price per share equal to $0.001. The pre-funded warrants will be immediately exercisable and may
be exercised at any time until the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, reorganizations or similar
events affecting our common stock and the exercise price.

 

Exercisability
.
The pre-funded warrants will be exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part, by delivering to us a duly executed exercise
notice accompanied by payment in full for the number of shares of our common stock purchased upon such exercise (except in the case of
a cashless exercise as discussed below). There is no expiration date for the pre-funded warrants. A holder (together with its affiliates)
may not exercise any portion of the pre-funded warrant to the extent that the holder would own more than 4.99% (or at the election of
the holder prior to the issuance of any pre-funded warrants, 9.99%) of the outstanding shares of common stock immediately after exercise,
except that upon at least 61 days’ prior notice from the holder to us, the holder may increase the amount of
ownership of outstanding stock after exercising the holder’s common stock purchase warrants up to 9.99% of the
number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is
determined in accordance with the terms of the common stock purchase warrants. The ownership limit may be decreased upon notice from
the holder to us.

 

Cashless
Exercise
. In lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to us upon such exercise in payment of the aggregate
exercise price, the holder may elect instead to receive upon such exercise (either in whole or in part) the net number of shares of common
stock determined according to a formula set forth in the pre-funded warrants.

 

Fundamental
Transaction
. In the event of a fundamental transaction, as described in the pre-funded warrants and generally including any reorganization,
recapitalization or reclassification of our common stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our
properties or assets, our consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50% of our outstanding shares
of common stock, or 50% or more of the voting power of our common equity, the holders of the pre-funded warrants will be entitled to
receive upon exercise of the pre-funded warrants the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would have
received had they exercised the pre-funded warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction.

 

Fractional
Shares
. No fractional shares of common stock will be issued upon the exercise of the pre-funded warrants. Rather, the number of shares
of common stock to be issued will, at our election, either be rounded up to the next whole share or we will pay a cash adjustment in
respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the exercise price.

 

Transferability
.
Subject to applicable laws, a pre-funded warrant may be transferred at the option of the holder upon surrender of the pre-funded warrant
to us together with the appropriate instruments of transfer.

 

Exchange
Listing
. We do not intend to list the pre-funded warrants on any securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system.

 

Rights
as a Stockholder
. Except as otherwise provided in the pre-funded warrants or by virtue of such holder’s ownership of shares
of our common stock, the holders of the pre-funded warrants do not have the rights or privileges of holders of our common stock, including
any voting rights, until they exercise their pre-funded warrants.

 

 
Placement
Agent Warrants
 

 
 
 

 
We have
also agreed to issue to the placement agent (or its designees) common stock purchase warrants, or the placement agent warrants, to
purchase up to            shares of common stock. The placement agent warrants
will be exercisable beginning on the effective date of the Warrant Stockholder Approval, provided however, that, if the Pricing
Conditions are met, the placement agent warrants will be exercisable immediately. The placement agent warrants will have
substantially the same terms as the series A-1 warrants described above, except that the placement agent warrants will have an
exercise price of $          per share (representing 125% of the offering price per share and accompanying common stock purchase warrants)
and a termination date that will be five years from the commencement of the sales pursuant to this offering. See “Plan of
Distribution” below.
 

 

60

 

 

Other
Convertible Securities

 

As
of December 14, 2023, in addition to the securities described above, there are (i) options outstanding to purchase up to 252,000
shares of common stock under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, with 48,000 shares available for future issuance and (ii) options outstanding
to purchase up to 1,950,000 shares of common stock under our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, with 50,000 shares available for future
issuance.

 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Utah Law and Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws

 

The
provisions of Utah law, our articles of incorporation and our bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another
person from acquiring control of our Company. These provisions, which are summarized below, may have the effect of discouraging takeover
bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board. We believe
that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the
disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their
terms.

 

Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions

 

Our
articles of incorporation and our bylaws include several provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in
control of our management team, including the following:

 

 

●

Board
 of directors’ vacancies. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that newly created directorships resulting from an
 increase in the number of directors and vacancies occurring in the board for any reason except the removal of directors without cause
 may be filled by a vote of the majority of directors then in office, although less than a quorum exists. Vacancies occurring by reason
 of the removal of directors without cause shall be filled by vote of the stockholders. A director elected to fill a vacancy caused
 by resignation, death or removal shall be elected to hold office for the unexpired term of his predecessor. In addition, the number
 of directors constituting our Board is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by our Board. These provisions prevent a
 stockholder from increasing the size of our Board and then gaining control of our Board by filling the resulting vacancies with its
 own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of our Board but promotes continuity of management.

 

 

 

 

●

Special
 meeting of stockholders.
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by our president or
 any two directors, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our
 stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action,
 including the removal of directors.

 

 

 

 

●

No
 cumulative voting.
 The Utah Business Corporation Act provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes
 in the election of directors unless a corporation’s articles of incorporation provide otherwise. Our articles of incorporation
 do not provide for cumulative voting.

 

Transfer
Agent

 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Equity Stock Transfer LLC with its business address at 237 W 37
th
 Street,
Suite 602, New York, NY 10018. Its telephone number is (212) 575-5757 and its email address is info@equitystock.com.

 

61

 

 

MATERIAL
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY’S COMMON STOCK

 

The
following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to non-U.S. holders (as defined below) of the ownership and
disposition of the Company’s common stock but does not purport to be a complete analysis of all the potential tax considerations
relating thereto. This summary is based upon the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue
Code”), Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, administrative rulings and judicial decisions, all as of the date hereof.
These authorities may be changed, possibly retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those
set forth below. No ruling on the U.S. federal, state, or local tax considerations relevant to the Company’s operations or to the
purchase, ownership or disposition of its shares, has been requested from the IRS or other tax authority. No assurance can be given that
the IRS would not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of the tax consequences described below.

 

 

This
summary also does not address the tax considerations arising under the laws of any non-U.S., state or local jurisdiction, or under U.S.
federal gift and estate tax laws, except to the limited extent set forth below. In addition, this discussion does not address tax considerations
applicable to an investor’s particular circumstances or to investors that may be subject to special tax rules, including, without
limitation:

 

 

●

banks,
 insurance companies or other financial institutions, regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts;

 

 

●

persons
 subject to the alternative minimum tax or Medicare contribution tax on net investment income;

 

 

●

tax-exempt
 organizations or governmental organizations;

 

 

●

controlled
 foreign corporations, passive foreign investment companies and corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income
 tax;

 

 

●

brokers
 or dealers in securities or currencies;

 

 

●

traders
 in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities holdings;

 

 

●

persons
 that own, or are deemed to own, more than five percent of the Company’s capital stock (except to the extent specifically set
 forth below);

 

 

●

U.S.
 expatriates and certain former citizens or long-term residents of the United States;

 

62

 

 

 

●

partnerships
 or entities classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes or other pass-through entities (and investors therein);

 

 

●

persons
 who hold the Company’s common stock as a position in a hedging transaction, “straddle,” “conversion transaction”
 or other risk reduction transaction or integrated investment;

 

 

●

persons
 who hold or receive the Company’s common stock pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation;

 

 

●

persons
 who do not hold the Company’s common stock as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code;
 or

 

 

●

persons
 deemed to sell the Company’s common stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Internal Revenue Code.

 

In
addition, if a partnership or entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds the Company’s common
stock, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon the activities of the partnership.
Accordingly, partnerships that hold the Company’s common stock, and partners in such partnerships, should consult their tax advisors.

 

You
are urged to consult your tax advisor with respect to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to your particular situation,
as well as any tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Company’s common stock arising under the U.S.
federal estate or gift tax rules or under the laws of any state, local, non-U.S., or other taxing jurisdiction or under any applicable
tax treaty.

 

Non-U.S.
Holder Defined

 

For
purposes of this discussion, you are a non-U.S. holder (other than a partnership) if you are any holder other than:

 

 

●

an
 individual citizen or resident of the United States (for U.S. federal income tax purposes);

 

 

●

a
 corporation or other entity taxable as a corporation created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States,
 any state thereof, or the District of Columbia, or other entity treated as such for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

 

 

●

an
 estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or

 

 

●

a
 trust (x) whose administration is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and which has one or more “U.S. persons”
 (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code) who have the authority to control all substantial decisions
 of the trust or (y) which has made a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person.

 

Distributions

 

As
described in “Dividend Policy,” the Company has never declared or paid cash dividends on its common stock and do not anticipate
paying any dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. However, if the Company does make distributions on its common stock,
those payments will constitute dividends for U.S. tax purposes to the extent paid from the Company’s current or accumulated earnings
and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. To the extent those distributions exceed both the Company’s
current and its accumulated earnings and profits, they will constitute a return of capital and will first reduce your basis in the Company’s
common stock, but not below zero, and then will be treated as gain from the sale of stock as described below under “— Gain
on Disposition of common stock.”

 

63

 

 

Subject
to the discussion below on effectively connected income, backup withholding and foreign accounts, any dividend paid to you generally
will be subject to U.S. withholding tax either at a rate of 30% of the gross amount of the dividend or such lower rate as may be specified
by an applicable income tax treaty. In order to receive a reduced treaty rate, you must provide us with an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form
W-8BEN-E, or other appropriate version of IRS Form W-8 certifying qualification for the reduced rate. A non-U.S. holder of shares of
the Company’s common stock eligible for a reduced rate of U.S. withholding tax pursuant to an income tax treaty may obtain a refund
of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the IRS. If the non-U.S. holder holds the stock
through a financial institution or other agent acting on the non-U.S. holder’s behalf, the non-U.S. holder will be required to
provide appropriate documentation to the agent, which then will be required to provide certification to the Company or its paying agent,
either directly or through other intermediaries.

 

Dividends
received by you that are effectively connected with your conduct of a U.S. trade or business (and, if required by an applicable income
tax treaty, attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by you in the United States) are generally exempt from the withholding
tax described above. In order to obtain this exemption, you must provide us with an IRS Form W-8ECI or other applicable IRS Form W-8
properly certifying such exemption. Such effectively connected dividends, although not subject to withholding tax, are taxed at the same
graduated rates applicable to U.S. persons, net of certain deductions and credits. In addition, if you are a corporate non-U.S. holder,
dividends you receive that are effectively connected with your conduct of a U.S. trade or business may also be subject to a branch profits
tax at a rate of 30% or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. You should consult your tax advisor regarding
any applicable tax treaties that may provide for different rules.

 

Gain
on Disposition of Common Stock

 

Subject
to the discussion below regarding backup withholding and foreign accounts, you generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal income
tax on any gain realized upon the sale or other disposition of the Company’s common stock unless:

 

 

●

the
 gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a U.S. trade or business (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty,
 the gain is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by you in the United States);

 

 

●

you
 are a non-resident alien individual who is present in the United States for a period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during
 the taxable year in which the sale or disposition occurs and certain other conditions are met; or

 

 

●

the
 Company’s common stock constitutes a United States real property interest by reason of its status as a “United States
 real property holding corporation,” or USRPHC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time within the shorter of (i) the
 five-year period preceding your disposition of the Company’s common stock, or (ii) your holding period for its common stock.

 

The
Company believes that it is not currently and will not become a USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the remainder of this
discussion so assumes. However, because the determination of whether it is a USRPHC depends on the fair market value of its U.S. real
property relative to the fair market value of its other business assets, there can be no assurance that the Company will not become a
USRPHC in the future. Even if it becomes a USRPHC, however, as long as the Company’s common stock is regularly traded on an established
securities market, such common stock will be treated as U.S. real property interests only if you actually or constructively hold more
than five percent of such regularly traded common stock at any time during the shorter of (i) the five-year period preceding your disposition
of the Company’s common stock, or (ii) your holding period for the Company’s common stock.

 

If
you are a non-U.S. holder described in the first bullet above, you will be required to pay tax on the net gain derived from the sale
under regular graduated U.S. federal income tax rates, and a corporate non-U.S. holder described in the first bullet above also may be
subject to the branch profits tax at a 30% rate, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. If you are
an individual non-U.S. holder described in the second bullet above, you will be required to pay a flat 30% tax (or such lower rate specified
by an applicable income tax treaty) on the gain derived from the sale, which gain may be offset by U.S. source capital losses for the
year (provided you have timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses). You should consult any applicable
income tax or other treaties that may provide for different rules.

 

64

 

 

Backup
Withholding and Information Reporting

 

Generally,
the Company must report annually to the IRS, regardless of whether any tax was withheld, the amount of dividends paid to you, your name
and address and the amount of tax withheld, if any. A similar report will be sent to you. Pursuant to applicable income tax treaties
or other agreements, the IRS may make these reports available to tax authorities in your country of residence.

 

Payments
of dividends or of proceeds on the disposition of stock made to you may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding at
a current rate of 24% unless you establish an exemption, for example, by properly certifying your non-U.S. status on an IRS Form W-8BEN,
IRS Form W-8BEN-E, or another appropriate version of IRS Form W-8.

 

Backup
withholding is not an additional tax; rather, the U.S. federal income tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding will be
reduced by the amount of tax withheld. If withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund or credit may generally be obtained
from the IRS, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS in a timely manner.

 

Foreign
Account Tax Compliance

 

The
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”), imposes withholding tax at a rate of 30% on dividends on and gross proceeds
from the sale or other disposition of the Company’s common stock paid to “foreign financial institutions” (as specially
defined under these rules), unless such institution enters into an agreement with the U.S. government to withhold on certain payments
and to collect and provide to the U.S. tax authorities substantial information regarding the U.S. account holders of such institution
(which includes certain equity and debt holders of such institution, as well as certain account holders that are foreign entities with
U.S. owners) or otherwise establishes an exemption. FATCA also generally imposes a U.S. federal withholding tax of 30% on dividends on
and gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the Company’s common stock paid to a “non-financial foreign entity”
(as specially defined for purposes of these rules) unless such entity provides the withholding agent with a certification identifying
certain substantial direct and indirect U.S. owners of the entity, certifies that there are none or otherwise establishes an exemption.
The withholding provisions under FATCA generally apply to dividends on our common stock, and under current transition rules, are expected
to apply with respect to the gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the Company’s common stock on or after January
1, 2019. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country may modify the requirements described
in this paragraph. Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible implications of this legislation on
their investment in the Company’s common stock.

 

Each
prospective investor should consult its own tax advisor regarding the particular U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S. tax consequences
of purchasing, holding and disposing of the Company’s common stock, including the consequences of any proposed change in applicable
laws.

 

65

 

 

PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION

 

 
We
have engaged H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, or the placement agent, to act as our exclusive placement agent to solicit offers to purchase
the shares of our common stock, pre-funded warrants and common stock purchase warrants offered by this prospectus. The placement agent

 
is not purchasing or selling any such securities,
nor is it required to arrange for the purchase and sale of any specific number or dollar amount of such securities, other than to use
its “reasonable best efforts” to arrange for the sale of such securities by us. Therefore, we may not sell all
of the shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants and common stock purchase warrants being offered. The terms of this offering
are subject to market conditions and negotiations between us, the placement agent and prospective investors. The placement
agent will have no authority to bind us by virtue of the engagement letter. This is a best efforts offering and there is no minimum
offering amount required as a condition to the closing of this offering. The placement agent may retain sub-agents and selected dealers
in connection with this offering. 

 

Investors
purchasing securities offered hereby will have the option to execute a securities purchase agreement with us. 
Investors
who do not enter into a securities purchase agreement shall rely solely on this prospectus in connection with the purchase of our securities
in this offering.
 In addition to rights and remedies available to all purchasers in this offering under federal securities
and state law, the purchasers which enter into a securities purchase agreement will also be able to bring claims of breach of
contract against us. The ability to pursue a claim for breach of contract is material to larger purchasers in this offering as a means
to enforce the following covenants uniquely available to them under the securities purchase agreement, including but not limited
to: (i) a covenant to not enter into variable rate financings for a period of one year following the closing of the offering,
subject to an exception; and (ii) a covenant to not enter into any equity financings for 60 days from closing of the offering, subject
to certain exceptions.

 

The
nature of the representations, warranties and covenants in the securities purchase agreements shall include, but are not limited to:

 

●

standard
 issuer representations and warranties on matters such as organization, qualification, authorization, no conflict, no governmental
 filings required, current in SEC filings, no litigation, labor or other compliance issues, environmental, intellectual property and
 title matters and compliance with various laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; and

 

●

covenants
 regarding matters such as registration of shares issued and issuable upon exercise of the common stock purchase warrants, no integration
 with other offerings, no shareholder rights plans, use of proceeds, indemnification of purchasers, reservation and listing of common
 stock, and no subsequent equity sales for 60 days.

 

Delivery
of the shares of common stock, pre-funded warrants and common stock purchase warrants offered hereby is expected to occur on or
about            , 2023, subject to satisfaction of certain customary closing
conditions.

 

Fees
and Expenses

 

The
following table shows the per share price and total cash fees we will pay to the placement agent in connection with the sale of
the securities pursuant to this prospectus.

 

 
 

Per Share and 
series A-1 and A-2 
common stock 
purchase warrants
 
 

Per Pre-Funded 
Warrant and 
series A-1 and A-2 
common stock 
purchase warrants
 
 

Total
 

Public offering price
 

$
       
 
 

$
          
 
 

$
         
 

 
Placement
 Agent Fees
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
$
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Proceeds before expenses to us
 

$
 
 
 

$
 
 
 

$
 
 

 

 
We
have agreed to pay the placement agent an aggregate fee equal to 7.5% of the aggregate gross proceeds received in the offering. We have
also agreed to pay the placement agent a management fee equal to 1.0% of the gross proceeds raised in this offering and to reimburse
the placement agent for its legal fees and expenses and other out-of-pocket expenses in
an amount up to $100,000 and clearing expenses of $15,950.
 

 

We
estimate the total expenses of this offering paid or payable by us, exclusive of the placement agent’s cash fee and expenses
payable by us, will be approximately $171,233. After deducting the fees and expenses due to the placement agent and our
estimated expenses in connection with this offering, assuming we sell all of the shares and accompanying warrants offered hereby, we
expect the net proceeds from this offering will be approximately $4.29 million (assuming $5 million on gross proceeds are received).

 

66

 

 
 
Placement
 Agent Warrants
 

 
 
 

 
In
addition, we have agreed to issue to the placement agent or its designees warrants, or the placement agent warrants, to purchase up
to 7.5% of the aggregate number of shares of common stock sold in this offering (including shares underlying any pre-funded
warrants), at an exercise price equal to 125% of the public offering price per share and accompanying common stock purchase warrant
to be sold in this offering. The placement agent warrants will be exercisable upon issuance and will expire five years from the
commencement of sales under this offering. The placement agent warrants provide for customary anti-dilution provisions (for share
dividends, splits and recapitalizations and the like) consistent with FINRA Rule 5110. The placement agent warrants and the shares
of common underlying the placement agent warrants are registered on the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.
The form of the placement agent warrant is included as an exhibit to this registration statement of which this prospectus forms a
part.
 

 
 
 

 
Tail
 

 
 
 

 
We
have also agreed to pay the placement agent a tail fee equal to the cash and warrant compensation in this offering, if any investor,
who was contacted by the placement agent or who was introduced to us during the term of its engagement, provides us with capital in any
public or private offering or other financing or capital raising transaction of any kind during the 12-month period following
expiration or termination of our engagement of the placement agent.
 

 
 
 

 
 

 
Indemnification
 

 
 
 

 
We
have agreed to indemnify the placement agent against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act and liabilities
arising from breaches of representations and warranties contained in our engagement letter with the placement agent. We have also agreed
to contribute to payments the placement agent may be required to make in respect of such liabilities.
 

 
 
 

 
Lock-up
Agreements
 

 
 
 

 
We
and each of our officers and directors and Netcapital Systems LLC have agreed with the placement agent to be subject to a lock-up period
of 60 days following the date of closing of the offering pursuant to this prospectus. This means that, during the applicable lock-up
period, we and such persons may not offer for sale, contract to sell, sell, distribute, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase,
pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of our shares of common stock or any securities convertible
into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, shares of common stock, subject to customary exceptions. The placement agent may waive the
terms of these lock-up agreements in its sole discretion and without notice. In addition, we have agreed to not issue any securities
that are subject to a price reset based on the trading prices of our common stock or upon a specified or contingent event in the future
or enter into any agreement to issue securities at a future determined price for a period of one year following the closing date of this
offering, subject to an exception. The placement agent may waive this prohibition in its sole discretion and without notice.
 

 
 
 

 
Other
Relationships
 

 
 
 

 
From
time to time, the placement agent may provide in the future various advisory, investment and commercial banking and other services to
us in the ordinary course of business, for which they have received and may continue to receive customary fees and commissions. However,
except as disclosed in this prospectus, we have no present arrangements with the placement agent for any further services.
 

 
 
 

 
Regulation
M Compliance
 

 
 
 

 
The
placement agent may be deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act, and any commissions
received by it and any profit realized on the sale of our securities offered hereby by it while acting as principal might be deemed to
be underwriting discounts or commissions under the Securities Act. The placement agent will be required to comply with the requirements
of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 10b-5 and Regulation M under the Exchange Act. These
rules and regulations may limit the timing of purchases and sales of our securities by the placement agent. Under these rules and regulations,
the placement agent may not (i) engage in any stabilization activity in connection with our securities; and (ii) bid for or purchase
any of our securities or attempt to induce any person to purchase any of our securities, other than as permitted under the Exchange Act,
until they have completed their participation in the distribution.
 

 

Listing
and Transfer Agent

 

Our
common stock and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “NCPL” and “NCPLW” respectively.
We have not applied, and do not intend to apply, to list the pre-funded warrants or the common stock purchase warrants on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Equity Stock Transfer LLC. We will act as the registrar and
transfer agent for the common stock purchase warrants and the pre-funded warrants.

 

LEGAL
MATTERS

 

The
validity of the securities offered by this prospectus and certain legal matters as to Utah law will be passed upon by Codelaw LLC. We
have been advised on U.S. securities matters by Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton, LLP, New York, New York. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, New York, New York, is acting as counsel to the placement agent. 

 

67

 

 

EXPERTS

 

Our
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, incorporated by reference to this prospectus and
registration statement of which it forms a part, by reference to our annual report on Form 10-K for the years ended April 30, 2023 and
2022, have been audited by Fruci & Associates II, PLLC, an independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in its report
thereon, and are included in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

 

WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

 

We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities offered by this
prospectus. This prospectus, which constitutes a part of that registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth
in the registration statement or the accompanying exhibits and schedules. Some items included in the registration statement are omitted
from this prospectus in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information with respect to us and the securities
offered in this prospectus, we refer you to the registration statement and the accompanying exhibits and schedules. Statements contained
in this prospectus regarding the contents of any contract, agreement or any other document are summaries of the material terms of these
contracts, agreements or other documents. With respect to each of these contracts, agreements or other documents filed as an exhibit
to the registration statement, reference is made to such exhibit for a more complete description of the matter involved.

 

A
copy of the registration statement and the accompanying exhibits and schedules and our annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports,
and proxy and information statements any other document we file may be obtained on the website the SEC maintains that contains reports,
proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the
SEC’s website is http://www.sec.gov. Such filings are also available at our website at http://www.netcapitalinc.com. Website materials
are not a part of this prospectus.

 

INCORPORATION
OF DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE

 

This
prospectus is part of the registration statement but the registration statement includes and incorporates by reference additional information
and exhibits. The SEC permits us to “incorporate by reference” the information contained in documents we file with the SEC,
which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents rather than by including them in this
prospectus. Information that is incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus and you should read it with the
same care that you read this prospectus. Information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information
that is either contained, or incorporated by reference, in this prospectus, and will be considered to be a part of this prospectus from
the date those documents are filed. We have filed with the SEC, and incorporate by reference in this prospectus:

 

 

●

Current
 Reports on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on 
May
 2, 2023
; 
May
 25, 2023
; 
July
 6, 2023
; 
July
 19, 2023
; 
July
 24, 2023
;
 
July
 27, 2023
; 
September
 1, 2023
 
September
 14, 2023
; 
November 21, 2023
 and 
December 14, 2023
; 

 

 

●

Annual
 Report on 
Form 10-K
 for the year ended April 30, 2023 filed with the SEC on July 26, 2023;

 

 

 

 

●

Quarterly
 Reports on Form
 10-Q for the three months ended 
July 31, 2023
 filed with the SEC on September 14, 2023 and for the six months ended 
October 31, 2023
 filed with the SEC on December 14, 2023; 

 

 

 

 

●

Our
Definitive Proxy Statement on 
Schedule 14A
 filed with the SEC on October 6, 2023; and

 

 

 

 

●

the
 description of our common stock and our warrants contained in our Registration Statement on Form 
8-A12B/A
 filed with the SEC on July
 7, 2022, and any amendments or reports filed updating such description.

 

68

 

 

In
addition, all documents subsequently filed by us pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as amended, prior
to the termination of the offering (excluding any information furnished rather than filed) shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into this prospectus.

 

Notwithstanding
the statements in the preceding paragraphs, no document, report or exhibit (or portion of any of the foregoing) or any other information
that we have “furnished” to the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act shall be incorporated by reference into this prospectus.

 

We
will furnish without charge to you, on written or oral request, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference in this
prospectus, including exhibits to these documents. You should direct any requests for documents to:

Netcapital
Inc.

1
Lincoln Street,

Boston, MA, 02111

Phone: (781) 925-1700

 

You
also may access these filings on our website at http://www.netcapitalinc.com. We do not incorporate the information on our website into
this prospectus or any supplement to this prospectus and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed through,
our website as part of this prospectus or any supplement to this prospectus (other than those filings with the SEC that we specifically
incorporate by reference into this prospectus or any supplement to this prospectus).

 

Any
statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus will be deemed modified,
superseded or replaced for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus modifies, supersedes
or replaces such statement. Any statement contained herein or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part to the
extent that a statement contained in any other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference
modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed to constitute a part of the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part, except as so modified or superseded.

 

69

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Up
to 14,705,882 Shares of Common Stock

Up
to 14,705,882 Series A-1 Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock

Up
to 14,705,882 Series A-2 Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock

Up
to 14,705,882 Pre-Funded Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock

 
Placement
Agent Warrants to Purchase up to 1,102,941 Shares of Common
Stock
 

Up
to 45,220,887 Shares of Common Stock Underlying the Warrants, Pre-Funded Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

PRELIMINARY
 PROSPECTUS

 

 

 

 

 

 
H.C.
 Wainwright & Co.
 

 

 

 

 

 

               
,
2023

 

 

 

70

 

 

PART
II — INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS

 

Item
13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution*

 

The
following table sets forth all expenses to be paid by the Registrant in connection with this offering, other than the placement agent
fees. All amounts shown are estimates except for the SEC registration fee and the FINRA filing fee. All expenses below are
payable by the Registrant and not by the selling stockholders.

 

SEC registration fee
 

$
 
2,283.19
 
 

 
FINRA filing fee
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
2,750.00
 
 
 
 

 
Advisory fee (1%)*
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
50,000.00
 
 
 
 

Legal fees*
 

 
200,000.00
 

Accounting fees and expense*
 

 
10,000.00
 

Transfer agent fee*
 

 
6,000.00
 

Miscellaneous*
 

 
 
100,925.000
 
 

Total*
 

$
 
361,958.19
 
 

 

 

*
Indicates expenses that have been estimated for filing purposes.

 

71

 

 

Item
14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers

 

The
registrant is incorporated under the laws of the State of Utah. Section 16-10a-902 of the Utah Business Corporation Act (“UBCA”)
provides that a Utah corporation shall indemnify a director who was wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of
any proceeding to which the director was a party because he or she was a director of the corporation against reasonable expenses incurred
by the director in connection with the proceeding. may indemnify. Section 15-10-902 of the UBCA provides that a corporation may indemnify
an individual who is a party to a proceeding because the individual is a director against liability incurred in the proceeding if:(i)
the director conducted himself or herself in good faith; and, (ii) he or she reasonably believed that his or her conduct was in or at
least not opposed to the corporation’s best interests; and (iii) In the case of any criminal proceeding, the director had no reasonable
cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. In addition, a corporation may indemnify and advance expenses to an officer of the
corporation who is a party to a proceeding because he or she is an officer of the corporation: (i) to the same extent as a director;
and (ii) if he or she is an officer but not a director, to such further extent as may be provided by the articles of incorporation, the
bylaws, a resolution of the board of directors or contract, except for: (A) liability in connection with a proceeding by or in the right
of the corporation other than for expenses incurred in connection with the proceeding; or (B) liability arising out of conduct that constitutes:
(I) receipt by the officer of a financial benefit to which he is not entitled; (II) an intentional infliction of harm on the corporation
or the shareholders; or (III) An intentional violation of criminal law.

 

The
registrant’s articles of incorporation and bylaws include provisions requiring the registrant to indemnify, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, any person made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative,
or investigative, by reason that he or she, or his or her testator or intestate, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation,
or serves or served at any other enterprise as a director or officer at the request of the Corporation.

 

Item
15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

 

The
following sets forth information regarding all unregistered securities sold in the last three years:

 

On
July 31, 2020, we issued 156 shares of common stock to our Chief Marketing Officer as stock-based compensation.

 

On
October 31, 2020, we issued 156 shares of common stock to our Chief Marketing Officer and 260 shares of our common stock to our Director
of Business Development, as stock-based compensation.

 

On
November 5, 2020, we issued 1,666,360 shares for the purchase of Netcapital Funding Portal Inc.,

 

On
January 30, 2021, we issued 156 shares of common stock to an employee and 781 shares of our common stock to our Chief Marketing Officer,
as stock-based compensation.

 

72

 

 

On
January 31, 2022, we issued 22,222 shares of common stock to an accredited investor for gross proceeds of $200,000.

 

On
January 31, 2021, we issued 937 shares of unregistered common stock as stock-based compensation, for services rendered to the Company.

 

During
the three-month period ended July 31, 2021, we issued 937 shares of unregistered common stock as stock-based compensation, for services
rendered to the Company. On July 27, 2021, we sold 176,934 shares of unregistered common stock to accredited investors at a sale price
of $9.00 per share. On July 26, 2021, we issued 361,736 shares of unregistered common stock in conjunction with our purchase of Netcapital
Funding Portal Inc.

 

On
October 28, 2021, we issued 50,000 shares of our common stock in conjunction with an agreement to purchase a 10% equity interest in Caesar
Media Group, Inc.

 

On
September 13, 2021, we issued 937 shares of unregistered common stock as stock-based compensation, for services rendered to the Company.

 

On
November 18, 2021, we issued 46,300 shares of unregistered common stock as stock-based compensation, for services rendered to the Company.
We did not receive any proceeds for this issuance.

 

On
December 10, 2021, we issued 50,000 shares of our common stock to purchase a 10% interest in Caesar Media Group, Inc. We did not receive
any proceeds from this issuance.

 

On
December 10, 2021, we issued 50,000 shares of our common stock to purchase all of the outstanding stock of MSG Development Corp.

 

On
February 9, 2022, we completed a private placement of $300,000 of unsecured convertible promissory notes. These notes bear interest at
a rate of 8% per annum and have a maturity date of February 9, 2023.

 

On
April 28, 2022, we issued 37,500 shares of common stock, in conjunction with an agreement to purchase a 10% equity interest in Caesar
Media Group, Inc.

 

On
July 14, 2022, we issued 93,432 shares of our common stock upon the conversion of $300,000 of unsecured convertible promissory notes
issued on February 9, 2022, plus conversion of accrued interest on such notes. We also issued warrants to purchase 93,432 shares of our
common stock to these noteholders upon conversion.

 

On
July 14, 2022, we also issued 39,901 shares of our common stock to Netcapital DE LLC as supplemental consideration pursuant to the agreement
for the acquisition of Netcapital Funding Portal Inc.

 

On
September 1, 2022, we issued 25,000 shares of our common stock in conjunction with the purchase a 10% interest in Caesar Media Group,
Inc.

 

On
October 26, 2022, we issued 12,500 shares of our common stock in conjunction with the purchase a 10% interest in Caesar Media Group,
Inc. We did not receive any proceeds from this issuance. The issuance was exempt under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

 

On
October 26, 2022, we issued 2,600 shares of common stock to two accredited investors for gross proceeds of $23,400. We used the proceeds
for working capital and general corporate purposes.

 

On
November 28, 2022, we issued 6,250 shares of our common stock in conjunction with the purchase of a 100% interest in MSG Development
Corp. We did not receive any proceeds from this issuance.

 

73

 

 

On
December 9, 2022, we issued 300,000 shares of our common stock in conjunction with an Asset Purchase Agreement with Nantascot, LLC.

 

On
December 16, 2022, we issued ThinkEquity and their designees warrants to purchase 62,350 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of $1.75 as compensation for their services as underwriter in our public offering.

 

On
January 3, 2023, we granted Martin Kay non-qualified stock options under the 2023 Plan to purchase one-million (1,000,000) shares of
our common stock at an exercise price of $1.43 per share. The options vest and become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments.

 

On
January 3, 2023, we granted non-qualified stock options to purchase 200,000 Shares of the Company’s common stock to each of Jason
Frishman, Coreen Kraysler and Paul Riss (600,000 Shares total), under the 2023 Plan at an exercise price of $1.43 per Share. These options
vest and become exercisable in 48 equal monthly installments.

 

On
January 5, 2023, we issued ThinkEquity and its designees warrants to purchase 9,350 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
$1.75 as compensation for its services as underwriter in the over-allotment exercise of our public offering.

 

On
January 31, 2023, we issued 18,750 shares of our common stock in conjunction with the purchase of a 10% interest in Caesar Media Group
Inc.

 

On
April 27, 2023, we issued 350,000 shares of our common stock for business advisory services.

 

On
April 27, 2023, we issued 18,750 shares of our common stock in conjunction with the purchase of a 10% interest in Caesar Media Group,
Inc.

 

On
May 10, 2023, we issued 100,000 shares of our common stock for consulting services.

 

On
May 25, 2023, we issued ThinkEquity and its designees warrants to purchase 55,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
$1.94 as compensation for its services as placement agent in our registered direct offering.

 

On
July 14, 2023, we issued 9,855 shares of common stock to an unrelated third party, in consideration of a release from such third party
related to settlement of an outstanding debt between such third-party and Netcapital DE LLC.

 

On
July 24, 2023, we issued ThinkEquity and its designees warrants to purchase 86,260 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of
$0.875 as compensation for its services as underwriter in our public offering.

 

On
July 31, 2023, we issued 18,750 shares of our common stock in conjunction with the purchase of a 10% interest in Caesar Media Group,
Inc.

 

On
October 26, 2023, we issued 18,750 shares of our common stock in conjunction with the purchase of a 10% interest in Caesar Media Group,
Inc.

 

On
October 26, 2023, we issued 6,250 shares of our common stock in conjunction with the purchase of a 100% interest in MSG Development Corp.

 

The
foregoing are all issuances of securities by the registrant during the past three years which were not registered under the Securities
Act. We claim an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder in connection with the sales and issuances described below since the foregoing issuances and sales did not involve a public
offering, the recipients (a) were “accredited investors” and/or had access to similar documentation and information as would
be required in a Registration Statement under the Securities Act and (b) represented that they were acquiring the securities for investment
purposes only, and not with a view towards distribution or resale except in compliance with applicable securities laws. The securities
sold are subject to transfer restrictions, and the certificates evidencing the securities are imprinted with an appropriate legend stating
that such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant
to an exemption therefrom. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with any transaction. No underwriter participated
in the transaction and no commissions were paid in connection with the transactions.

 

74

 

 

 

Item 16. Exhibits and Financial
 Statement Schedules

 

 

(a)

Exhibits. The
 following
 exhibits are filed as part of this registration statement:

 

Exhibit

Number

 

Description

1.1

 

Underwriting
 Agreement, dated July 12, 2022, by and Between Netcapital Inc. and ThinkEquity LLC, filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on
 Form 8-K dated July 12, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference.

2.1

 

Asset
 Purchase Agreement dated November 23, 2010 between ValueSetters, Inc. and NetGames.com, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1
 to our Form 10/A dated July 25, 2014.

2.2

 

Agreement
 and Plan of Merger by and Among Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., ValueSetters Inc. and Netcapital Acquisition Vehicle Inc., incorporated
 by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 23, 2020.

3.1

 

Articles
 of Incorporation filed on April 25, 1984, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 10 dated September 3, 2013.

3.2

 

Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation filed on September 7, 1999, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10 dated September
 3, 2013.

3.3

 

Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation filed on December 4, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10 dated September 3,
 2013.

3.4

 

Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation filed on April 13, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.3 to our Form S-1 dated February 14,
 2022.

3.5

 

Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation filed on September 29, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K dated November
 5, 2020.

3.6

 

By-Laws
 of ValueSetters, Inc, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to our Form 10 dated September 3, 2013.

4.1

 

Specimen
 stock certificate evidencing shares of common stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form S-1/A dated April 8, 2022.

4.2

 

Form
 of Unsecured Convertible Notes, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form S-1 dated February 14, 2022.

4.3

 

Form
 of Representative’s Warrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2022.

4.4

 

Warrant
 Agent Agreement, dated July 15, 2022 between Netcapital Inc. and Equity Stock Transfer LLC incorporated by reference to our Current
 Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2022.

4.5

 

Form
 of Public Warrant incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2022.

4.6

 

Form
 of Unsecured Convertible Notes incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2022.

4.7

 

Form
 of Representative Warrant incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2022.

4.8

 

Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 23, 2023.

4.9

 

Form
 of Representative Warrant incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 19, 2023.

 
4.10
 

 

Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 

 
4.11
 

 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant.

 
4.12
 

 
 
 

 
Form of Placement Agent’s Warrant
 

5.1

 

Opinion of Codelaw LLC.

10.1+

 

2021
 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Netcapital Inc. registration statement on Form S-8 on January 27, 2022, and incorporated
 herein by reference.

 

75

 

 

10.2+

 

Employment
 Agreement with Carole Murko, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to our Form S-1 dated February 14, 2022.

10.3+

 

Separation
 Agreement with Carole Murko, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to our Form S-1 dated February 14, 2022.

10.4

 

Form
 of Note Purchase Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Form S-1 dated February 14, 2022.

10.5

 

License
 Agreement between Netcapital Systems LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., filed as Exhibit
 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on June 28, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein.

10.6+

 

Employment
 Agreement with Cecilia Lenk, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on June 28, 2022
 and incorporated by reference herein.

10.7+

 

Employment
 Agreement with Coreen Kraysler, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on June 28,
 2022 and incorporated by reference herein.

10.8+

 

Employment
 Agreement with Jason Frishman, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on June 28,
 2022 and incorporated by reference herein.

10.9+

 

Netcapital
 Inc 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 5, 2023.

10.10+

 

Employment
 Agreement with Martin Kay dated January 3, 2023 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 5, 2023.

10.11+

 

Form
 of Stock Option Agreement incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 5, 2023.

10.12***

 

Software
 License and Services Agreement between Templum, Inc. and Netcapital Systems LLC dated January 2, 2023 incorporated by reference to
 our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2023.

10.13

 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Netcapital Inc. and certain institutional investors dated May 23, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 23, 2023.

 
10.14
 

 

Form of Securities Purchase Agreement.

14.1

 

Code
 of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Registration on Form S-1/A filed on April 8, 2022.

21.1**

 

Subsidiaries of Netcapital Inc.

23.1

 

Consent of Fruci and Associates II, PLLC.

23.2

 

Consent of Codelaw LLC. (included in Exhibit 5.1).

24.1**

 

Powers of Attorney (included on signature page to this Registration Statement).

107

 

Fee table.

 

*To
be filed by amendment.

+ Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement

**
Previously filed

***
Certain confidential portions of this exhibit have been redacted from the publicly filed document because such portions are (i) not material
and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed.

 

76

 

 

Item
17. Undertakings

 

The
 undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:

 

 

(1)
 to file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement:

 

 

(i)
 to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act;

 

 

(ii)
 to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the Registration Statement (or the most recent
 post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set
 forth in the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if
 the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end
 of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)
 if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set
 forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective Registration Statement; and

 

 

 

(iii)
 to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the Registration Statement
 or any material change to such information in the Registration Statement.

 

 

(2)
 that, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to
 be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
 be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

 

 

 

(3)
 to remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at
 the termination of the offering.

 

The
 undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:

 

(1)
 that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed
 as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the Registrant pursuant
 to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time
 it was declared effective; and

 

(2)
 that, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of
 prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such
 securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.

 

(3)
 to deliver or cause to be delivered with the prospectus, to each person to whom the prospectus is sent or given, the latest annual
 report to security holders that is incorporated by reference in the prospectus and furnished pursuant to and meeting the requirements
 of Rule 14a-3 or Rule 14c-3 under the Exchange Act; and, where interim financial information required to be presented by Article
 3 of Regulation S-X are not set forth in the prospectus, to deliver, or cause to be delivered to each person to whom the prospectus
 is sent or given, the latest quarterly report that is specifically incorporated by reference in the prospectus to provide such interim
 financial information.

 

Insofar
 as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons
 of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the
 Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In
 the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred
 or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding)
 is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will,
 unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
 the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final
 adjudication of such issue.

 

77

 

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Amendment No. 3 to Registration
Statement on Form S-1 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Boston, State of Massachusetts,
on the 15
th
 day of December, 2023.
 

 

Netcapital,
 Inc.

 

 

 

By:

/s/
 Martin Kay

 

Name:

Martin
 Kay

 

Title:

Chief
 Executive Officer

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 has
been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated below.

 

Signature

 

Title

 

Date

 

 

 

 

 

/s/
 Martin Kay

 

Chief
 Executive Officer and director

 

 
December
 15,
 
 2023

Martin
 Kay

 

(Principal
 Executive Officer)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

/s/
 Coreen Kraysler

 

Chief
 Financial Officer

 

 
December
 15,
 
 2023

Coreen
 Kraysler

 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer)

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*

 

Director

 

 
December 15,
 
 2023

Cecilia
 Lenk

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*

 

Director

 

 
December 15,
 
 2023

Steven
 Geary

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*

 

Director

 

 
December 15,
 
 2023

Avi
 Liss

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*

 

Director

 

 
December 15,
 
 2023

Arnold
 Scott

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

*By: 

/s/ Martin Kay

 

 
December 15,
 
 2023 

 

Martin
 Kay

 

 

 

Attorney-in-Fact

 

 

 

78