SOURCE: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1414767/000149315224021785/form8-k.htm
FORM: 8-K
FILED: 2024-05-29
COMPANY: Netcapital Inc.

false

0001414767

0001414767

2024-05-24

2024-05-24

0001414767

NCPL:CommonStock0.001ParValuePerShareMember

2024-05-24

2024-05-24

0001414767

NCPL:RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf5.19Member

2024-05-24

2024-05-24

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

iso4217:USD

xbrli:shares

 

 

 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

 

 

FORM

8-K

 

 

CURRENT
REPORT PURSUANT

TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): 
May 24, 2024

 

NETCAPITAL
INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in charter)

 

Utah

 

001-41443

 

87-0409951

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation)

 

(Commission

File
 Number)

 

(IRS
 Employer

Identification
 No.)

 

1
 Lincoln Street
, 
Boston
, 
Massachusetts

 

02111

(Address
 of principal executive offices)

 

(Zip
 Code)

 

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: 
(781)
 
925-1700

 

 

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

 

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

 

☐

Written
 communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

 

 

☐

Soliciting
 material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

 

 

☐

Pre-commencement
 communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

 

 

☐

Pre-commencement
 communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 

Title
 of each class

 

Trading
 symbol(s)

 

Name
 of each exchange on which registered

Common
 Stock, $0.001 par value per share

 

NCPL

 

The
 
Nasdaq
 Stock Market LLC

Redeemable
 warrants exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $5.19

 

NCPLW

 

The
 
Nasdaq
 Stock Market LLC

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter)

 

Emerging
growth company 
☐
.

 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

 

 

 

 

 

 

Item
 1.01

Entry
 into a Material Definitive Agreement.

 

On
May 28, 2024, Netcapital, Inc. (the “
Company
”) entered into inducement offer letter agreements (the “
Inducement
Letters
”) with certain investors (the “
Participating Holders
”) that hold certain outstanding Series A-2
warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 14,320,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “
Common
Stock
”), originally issued to the Participating Holders on December 27, 2023 (the “
Existing Warrants
”).
The Existing Warrants had an exercise price of $0.25 per share.

 

Pursuant
to the Inducement Letters, the Participating Holders agreed to exercise for cash the Existing Warrants at a reduced exercise price
of $0.155 per share in partial consideration for the Company’s agreement to issue in a private placement (x) new Series A-3 Common
Stock purchase warrants (the “
New Series A-3 Warrants
”) to purchase up to 14,320,000 shares of Common Stock (the “
New
Series A-3 Warrant Shares
”) and (y) new Series A-4 Common Stock Purchase Warrants (the “
New Series A-4 Warrants
”
and, together with the New Series A-3Warrants, the “
New Warrants
”) to purchase up to 14.320,000 shares of Common Stock
(the “
New Series A-4 Warrant Shares
” and, together with the New Series A-3 Warrant Shares, the “
New Warrant
Shares
”). The New Warrants are exercisable beginning on the effective dates of stockholder approval of the issuance of the
New Warrants and the New Warrant Shares (the “
Initial Exercise Date
”) with such warrants expiring on (i) the five
year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date for the Series A-3 Warrants and (ii) the eighteen month anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date for the Series A-4 Warrants.

 

The
closing of the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Inducement Letters occurred on May 29, 2024 (the “
Closing Date
”).
The Company received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $2.2 million from the exercise of the Existing Warrants by the Holders,
before deducting placement agent fees and other expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for general
corporate purposes.

 

The
Company engaged H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (“
H.C. Wainwright
”) to act as its exclusive agent in connection with
the transactions summarized above and paid H.C. Wainwright a cash fee equal to 7.5% of the aggregate gross proceeds from the exercise
of the Existing Warrants at the reduced exercise price and a management fee equal to 1.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds from the
exercise of the Existing Warrants at the reduced exercise price. In addition, the Company reimbursed H.C. Wainwright for $50,000
of the fees and expenses of H.C. Wainwright’s legal counsel and other of its out-of-pocket expenses, and (ii) its non-accountable
expenses in the amount of $25,000. The Company also issued to H.C. Wainwright or its designees (“
PA Warrant Holders
”)
placement agent warrants (the “
Placement Agent Warrants
”) to purchase up to 1,074,000 shares of Common Stock
(the “
Placement Agent Warrant Shares
”). The Placement Agent Warrants have the same terms as the New Warrants, except
that the Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to $0.1938 per share.

 

The
original sale or resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Existing Warrants have been registered pursuant to an existing registration
statement on Form S-1, as amended (File Nos. 333-275910) declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “
SEC
”)
on December 21, 2023.

 

The
Company has agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or other appropriate form, including on Form S-1 if the Company is not
then S-3 eligible) providing for the resale of the New Warrant Shares (the “
Resale Registration Statement
”)
within 15 calendar days of the effective date of stockholder approval of the issuance of the shares issuable upon exercise the New Warrants
and the PA Warrants (the “
Filing Date
”), and to use best efforts to cause the Resale Registration Statement to be
declared effective by the SEC within 60 calendar days following the date of the Filing Date and to keep the Resale Registration Statement
effective at all times until the Holders no longer own any New Warrants or New Warrant Shares.

 

Pursuant
to the Inducement Letters, for a period of twelve (12) months following the Closing Date, the Company agreed not to issue or enter into
an agreement to effect a Variable Rate Transaction (as defined in the Inducement Letters), subject to certain exceptions.

 

-
2
-

 

 

Terms
of the New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants

 

Duration
and Exercise Price

 

Each
New Warrant have an exercise price equal to $0.155 per share. The Placement Agent Warrants have an exercise price equal to $0.1938
per share. The New Warrants are not exercisable until the shareholders of the Company approve the issuance of the New Warrants and
the New Warrant Shares (the “Initial Exercise Date), and the New Warrants expire on the (i) 5-year anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date for the Series A-3 Warrants and (ii) the eighteen month anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date for the Series A-4 Warrants.
The Placement Agent Warrants are not exercisable until the shareholders of the Company approve the issuance of the Placement Agent Warrants
and the Placement Agent Warrant Shares and the Placement Agent Warrants expire on the five-year anniversary of the Initial Exercise
Date. The exercise price and number of New Warrant Shares and Placement Agent Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the New Warrants
or Placement Agent Warrants are subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, subsequent rights offerings,
pro rata distributions, reorganizations, or similar events affecting the Common Stock and the exercise price.

 

Exercisability

 

The
New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable (following shareholder approval), at the option of each holder, respectively,
in whole or in part, by delivering a duly executed exercise notice accompanied by payment in full for the number of shares of Common
Stock purchased upon such exercise (except in the case of a cashless exercise discussed below). A holder or PA Warrant Holder (together
with their affiliates) may not exercise any portion of their New Warrants or Placement Agent Warrants to the extent that the holder or
PA Warrant Holder would own more than 4.99% (or, at the election of the holder or H.C. Wainwright, 9.99%) of the outstanding Common Stock
immediately after exercise, except that upon prior notice from the holder or H.C. Wainwright to the Company, the holder or PA Warrant
Holder may increase or decrease the amount of ownership of outstanding stock after exercising their New Warrants or Placement Agent Warrants,
as applicable, up to 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such
percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants, provided that any increase
will not be effective until 61 days following notice to the Company.

 

Cashless
Exercise

 

If,
at the time a holder exercises its New Warrants, or a PA Warrant Holder exercises its Placement Agent Warrants, a registration statement
registering the resale of the New Warrant Shares and Placement Agent Warrants Shares by the holder and the PA Warrant Holder, respectively,
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “
Securities Act
”), is not then effective or available, then in lieu
of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made upon such exercise in payment of the aggregate exercise price, the holder
or the PA Warrant Holder may elect instead to receive upon such exercise (either in whole or in part), the net number of shares of Common
Stock determined according to a formula set forth in the New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants.

 

Rights
as a Stockholder

 

Except
as otherwise provided in the New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants, or by virtue of the holder’s or PA Warrant Holder’s
ownership of shares of Common Stock, such holder or PA Warrant Holder does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of Common Stock,
including any voting rights, until such holder exercises such holder’s New Warrants or such PA Warrant Holder exercises such Placement
Agent Warrants. The New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants provide that the holders of the New Warrants and the PA Warrant Holder
have the right to participate in certain distributions or dividends paid on shares of Common Stock.

 

-
3
-

 

 

Fundamental
Transactions

 

If
at any time the New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants are outstanding, the Company, either directly or indirectly, in one or more
related transactions, effects a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants), a holder of New
Warrants and the PA Warrant Holder is entitled to receive the number of shares of common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation,
or of the Company if the Company is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration receivable as a result of the Fundamental
Transaction by such holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which the New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable
immediately prior to the Fundamental Transaction. As an alternative, the holder or H.C. Wainwright may, at their option, in the event
of a Fundamental Transaction, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the consummation of the Fundamental
Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable fundamental transaction), cause the Company to purchase
the unexercised portion of the New Warrants or Placement Agent Warrants from the holder or the PA Warrant Holder, respectively, by paying
to the holder or the PA Warrant Holder, as applicable, an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as defined in the New Warrants
and Placement Agent Warrants) of the remaining unexercised portion of the New Warrants or Placement Agent Warrants on the date of the
consummation of such Fundamental Transaction.

 

Waivers
and Amendments

 

The
New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants may be modified or amended, or the provisions of the New Warrants or Placement Agent Warrants
waived, with the Company’s, the holder’s or the PA Warrant Holder’s (as applicable) written consent.

 

The
forms of the Inducement Letter, the New Series A-3 Warrant, New Series A-4 Warrant and the Placement Agent Warrant are attached as Exhibits
10.1, 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3, respectively. The descriptions of the terms of the Inducement Letter, the New Series A-3 Warrant, the New Series
A-4 Warrant and the Placement Agent Warrant are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to such
exhibits. The Inducement Letters contain customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company which were made only for
the purposes of such agreements and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreements and may be subject
to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties.

 

Item
3.02

Unregistered
 Sales of Equity Securities

 

The
offer and sale of the New Warrants, the Placement Agent Warrants, the New Warrant Shares and the Placement Agent Warrant Shares have
not been registered under the Securities Act and were offered pursuant to the exemption from registration provided in Section 4(a)(2)
under the Securities Act.

 

The
descriptions of the New Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants under Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

 

Item
 3.03

Material
 Modifications of Rights to Security Holders

 

On
May 28, 2024, the board of the directors of the Company agreed to reduce exercise price for all outstanding Series A-2 Warrants to purchase
16,000,000 shares of Common Stock, including the Existing Warrants to $0.155 per share .

 

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

 

(d)
Exhibits.

 

Exhibit
 No.

 

Description

 

 

 

4.1

 

Form of New Series A-3 Warrant

4.2

 

Form of New Series A-4 Warrant

4.3

 

Form of Placement Agent Warrant

10.1

 

Form of Inducement Letter

99.1

 

Press Release dated May 24, 2024.

104

 

Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

 

-
4
-

 

 

SIGNATURES

 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

 

 

Netcapital
 Inc.

(Registrant)

 

 

 

 May
 29, 2024

By:

/s/
 Martin Kay

 

Name:

 Martin
 Kay

 

Title:

Chief
 Executive Officer

 

-
5
-